CO-BRANDING AND ADVERTISING AGREEMENTTHIS CO-BRANDING AND ADVERTISING AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is madeas of June 21, 1999 (the "Effective Date") by and between I-ESCROW,INC., with its principal place of business at 1730 S. AmphlettBlvd., Suite 233, San Mateo, California 94402 ("i-Escrow"), and2THEMART.COM, INC. having its principal place of business at 18301Von Karman Avenue, 7th Floor, Irvine, California 92612 ("2TheMart").1. DEFINITIONS.(a) "CONTENT" means all content or information, in any medium,provided by a party to the other party for use in conjunctionwith the performance of its obligations hereunder, includingwithout limitation any text, music, sound, photographs, video,graphics, data or software. Content provided by 2TheMartis referred to herein as "2TheMart Content" and Contentprovided by i-Escrow is referred to herein as "i-Escrow Content."(b) "CO-BRANDED SITE" means the web-site accessible throughDomain Name, for the Services implemented by i-Escrow. Thehomepage of this web-site will visibly display both2TheMart Marks and i-Escrow Marks.(c) "CUSTOMERS" means all users who access Co-Branded Site.(d) "DOMAIN NAME" means www.iescrow.com/2TheMart.(e) "ESCROW SERVICES" means services for auctionsellers and high bidders whereby an agent holds abuyers money in trust until the buyer approves theapplicable item that was physically delivered, atwhich time the agent releases the buyers moneyto seller, after subtracting the escrow fees.(f) "INFORMATION TRANSFER MECHANISM" means themechanism by which 2TheMart transfers to i-Escrowinformation to populate the applicable i-Escrowtransaction and user registration forms.(g) "LAUNCH DATE" means the first date on which theCo-Branded Site is pointed to in all references toi-Escrow from 2TheMart auction site, and theInformation Transfer Mechanism is publiclydeployed (post-beta).(h) "MARKS" means all domain names, trademarks andlogos designated by a party for the other partys use inconjunction with such other partys performance underthis Agreement. Marks designated by 2TheMart fori-Escrows use are referred to herein as "2TheMartMarks" and Marks designated by i-Escrow for 2TheMartuse are referred to herein as "i-Escrow Marks."(i) "SERVICES" means i-Escrows implementationand performance of the Escrow Services as of theEffective Date, as modified over time.(j) "SHADOW SITE" means the site where Co-Branded Siteis made available for 2TheMarts testing of theInformation Transfer Mechanism prior to beingmade publicly available.(k) "TRANSACTION" means a transaction utilizing theServices that actually closes and that wasinitiated by a Transaction Inquiry from a Customer.(l) "TRANSACTION INQUIRY" means a Customerssubmission of i-Escrows standard New TransactionInquiry form (or its successor) on or through theCo-Branded Pages. Currently this means entry of adescription and price of merchandise by a user (buyeror seller) who agrees to abide by the terms andconditions of the Services, together with email addressof the other party, regardless of whether or notany Transaction is completed.Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/19992. DEVELOPMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION.2.1 OVERVIEW. As set forth herein, 2TheMart will promoteServices to its auction users (buyers and sellers),and i-Escrow shall develop Co-Branded Site,and develop the Information TransferMechanism working with 2TheMart to makeServices available seamlessly to Customers.Unless otherwise specified, each party shallbe responsible for all development, hostingand other costs associated with the pagesresident on their servers and all emails tousers they send.2.2 INITIAL INFORMATION TRANSFER MECHANISM DEVELOPMENT.The parties shall negotiate in good faith to determinethe initial operation of the InformationTransfer Mechanism and to describe suchoperation and development fees, in astatement of work ("SOW"). Each party shallmake available sufficient and qualifiedengineers to negotiate the SOW. No SOWshall be binding on the parties unlessmutually approved by both parties. In theevent that the parties are unable to agreeto an SOW within 2 months following theEffective Date, either party may, in itssole discretion, terminate this Agreement byproviding written notice.Once approved, the parties shall usecommercially reasonable efforts todiligently implement their respectiveobligations under the SOW. Upon completionof its duties under the SOW, a party shallnotify the other party and provide the otherparty with the opportunity to test andevaluate its work. i-Escrow shall makeavailable the Shadow Site for such testingin a timely manner. Each party shallreasonably cooperate with the other party ineffectuating their respective duties underthe SOW. The Information Transfer Mechanismshall not go live until its operation hasbeen approved ("Approval Date") by bothparties, such approval not to beunreasonably withheld.2.3 LAUNCH TIMING. Each party shall use good faithand reasonable efforts to expeditiously develop theCo-Branded Pages and the InformationTransfer Mechanism. In the event that,after using such efforts, the Launch Datehas not occurred within 4 months followingthe Effective Date, either party mayterminate this Agreement by providingwritten notice. Ifonly one party has used good faith and reasonable developmentefforts, only that party may exercise theforegoing right to terminate.2.4 RESTRICTIONS ON COMMUNICATIONS. i-Escrow may placebanner advertising on the Co-Branded Siteupon prior written approval of 2TheMart,which shall be at the discretion of 2TheMart. Alladvertising revenue arising from the banner ads shall besolely i-Escrows. i-Escrow shall not runbanner advertisements on the Co-Branded Sitefor any of 2TheMarts competitors. 2TheMartshall provide in writing, a list of companies they wouldlike to exclude, including every timethey wish to change this list.2.5 SERVICE PERFORMANCE OF INFORMATION TRANSFERMECHANISM. The parties each shall in good faith work toprovide reasonable service levels with respect to theoperation of the portions of the Information TransferMechanism in their control.Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/19992.6 PROGRAM REVIEW MEETINGS. The parties shall meet, atleast once per month either in person, or by telephone, tocoordinate the implementation of this agreement over time.3. PROMOTION.After Launch Date, 2TheMart will widely promote the Services:(a) To every seller and high bidder through meansincluding, but not limited to, end of auctionemails containing links, such that, it shall bepossible for the buyer or seller to initiate aTransaction Inquiry with i-Escrow, withouthaving to re-enter all their personal ortransaction related information.(b) By adding links to Co-Branded Site in FAQsection of 2TheMart auctions.(c) By adding links to Co-Branded Site on theseller listing pages of 2TheMart auctions.(d) By displaying a text or graphic link to apage containing information about Services onall auction item pages and bidding pages toeducate bidders about i-Escrow. 2TheMartmay use the "Escrow Services Description" attachedin Exhibit A for creating such a page.5. PAYMENT.5.1 ADVERTISING FEES. After the Launch Date,i-Escrow shall pay 2TheMart advertising fees basedon the number of Transaction Inquiries. This advertisingfees shall consist of a per Transaction Inquiryamount calculated by multiplying 0.025% bythe amount of the average Transaction fromall Customers in the preceding quarter. Theformula for arriving at the per TransactionInquiry amount may be revised from time totime during the term of this Agreement toreflect present market conditions ("theAdjusted Rate"), but only by mutualconsent of the parties after good faith discussions.The Adjusted Rate shall be added as anaddendum to this Agreement.5.2 REPORTING. Within two (2) weeks following theend of each calendar quarter, i-Escrow shall provideto 2TheMart a report, describing for each quarter: thenumber of new registrations through theCo-Branded Pages; the number of TransactionInquiries from Customers; the total numberof Transactions from such inquiries; thetotal dollar value of the Transactions.5.3 AUDIT RIGHTS. i-Escrow shall keep for one (1) year properrecords and books of account relating to thecomputation of advertising payments owed to2TheMart (including, as appropriate, thecomputation of the size of averageTransaction). Once every twelve (12)months, 2TheMart through a CPA may inspectand audit such records to verify reports.Any such inspection will be conducted in amanner that does not unreasonably interferewith i-Escrows business activities and withno less than fifteen (15) days notice.i-Escrow shall within two (2) weeks make anyoverdue payments disclosed by the audit.Such inspection shall be at 2TheMartsexpense; however, if the audit revealsoverdue payments in excess of ten percent(10%) of the payments owed to date, i-Escrowshall immediately pay all cost of suchaudit.6. RIGHTS AND STANDARDS.Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/19996.1 CONTENT. 2TheMart hereby grantsto i-Escrow a worldwide,non-exclusive right to use, reproduce,distribute, publicly perform, publiclydisplay and digitally perform the 2TheMartContent soley with respect to and inconjunction with the Co-Branded Site allwith the prior written consent of 2TheMart,for the term of this Agreement. i-Escrowhereby grants to 2TheMart a worldwide,non-exclusive right to use, reproduce,distribute, publicly perform, publiclydisplay and digitally perform the i-EscrowContent on or in conjunction with 2TheMartauctions.6.2 CONTENT OWNERSHIP. Except as otherwise provided inthis Agreement, as between 2TheMart and i-Escrow:(a) 2TheMart and its suppliers retain allrights, title and interest in and to allintellectual property rights embodied in orassociated with the 2TheMart Content, and b)i-Escrow and its suppliers retain allrights, title and interest in and to allintellectual property rights embodied in orassociated with the i-Escrow Content andCo-Branded Site. There are no impliedlicenses under this Agreement, and anyrights not expressly granted are reserved.Neither party shall exceed the scope of therights granted hereunder.6.3 TRADEMARKS. Subject to the terms and conditionsof this Agreement: (a) i-Escrow hereby grants to2TheMart a non-exclusive, nontransferableright to use the i-Escrow Marks (includingwithout limitation the Domain Name) in linksto and advertisements and promotions for theCo-Branded Pages or the Services; and (b)2TheMart hereby grants to i-Escrow anon-exclusive, nontransferable right to use2TheMart Marks (including without limitationthe Domain Name) on the Co-Branded Pages,and for the performance of Services.6.4 TRADEMARK RESTRICTIONS. The Mark owner mayterminate the foregoing rights if, in its reasonablediscretion, the other partys use of theMarks tarnishes, blurs or dilutes thequality associated with the Marks or theassociated goodwill and such problem is notcured within ten (10) days of notice ofbreach; alternatively, instead ofterminating the right in total, theowner may specify that certain pages of the otherpartys web-site may not contain the Marks.Title to and ownership of the owners Marksshall remain with the owner. The receivingparty shall use the Marks exactly in theform provided and in conformance with anytrademark usage policies. The other partyshall not take any action inconsistent withthe owners ownership of the Marks, and anybenefits accruing from use of such Marksshall automatically vest in the owner. Theother party shall not form any combinationmarks with the other partys Marks.Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extentthat the Domain Name is deemed a combinationmark, neither party shall use the DomainName for any purpose except as expresslyprovided herein or attempt to register theDomain Name, and the parties will jointlycooperate on any enforcement action ofinfringement of the Domain Name.6.5 LIMITS ON SUBLICENSING. All rights (under anyapplicable intellectual property right)granted herein are not sublicenseable,Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/1999transferable or assignable. Notwithstandingthe foregoing, either party may use a thirdparty web host, but all actions or failuresto act of the web host that would be abreach of this Agreement, were the actionsor failures to act taken by the applicableparty, shall be deemed a breach of thisAgreement. In addition, 2TheMart may grantsublicenses to companies that 2TheMart has abusiness relationship with to the extentthat 2TheMart Content is visible from suchcompanys web-site through a link or othermeans.6.6 CONTENT STANDARDS. 2TheMart shall not provide any2TheMart Content, and i-Escrow shall not provide anyi-Escrow Content, that: (a) infringes anythird partys copyright, patent, trademark,trade secret or other proprietary rights orrights of publicity or privacy; (b) violatesany law, statute, ordinance or regulation(including without limitation the laws andregulations governing export control, unfaircompetition, antidiscrimination or falseadvertising); (c) is defamatory, tradelibelous, unlawfully threatening orunlawfully harassing; (d) is obscene,harmful to minors or child pornographic; (e)contains any viruses, Trojan horses, worms,time bombs, cancelbots or other computerprogramming routines that are intended todamage, detrimentally interfere with,surreptitiously intercept or expropriate anysystem, data or personal information; and(f) is materially false, misleading orinaccurate.6.7 SERVICE STANDARDS. i-Escrow will comply withall laws and regulations and act as an Independent EscrowAgent as per the guidelines of California Escrow Law(California Financial Code Section17000 et seq., or itssuccessor). Should any of the terms, conditions orprovisions of this Agreement conflict with the CaliforniaEscrow Law, its rules or regulations, which governi-Escrows business practices, the CaliforniaEscrow Law shall prevail. Notwithstanding theforegoing, at any time that i-Escrow reasonably believessuch a conflict exists, i-Escrow will give 2TheMartwritten notice of such conflict and the partieswill use their best efforts to resolve such conflict.7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. EACH PARTY PROVIDES ALLMATERIALS AND SERVICES TO THE OTHER PARTY "AS IS." EACHPARTY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDINGWITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OFTITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY ANDFITNESS FOR APARTICULAR PURPOSE. Each party acknowledges that ithas not entered into this Agreement in reliance upon anywarranty or representation except thosespecifically set forth herein.8. TERM AND TERMINATION.8.1 TERM. The term of this Agreement shall continue forone (1) year following the Launch Date, unless earlierterminated as provided herein. This Agreement may berenewed for any number of successive one (1)year terms by mutual written agreement ofthe parties prior to the conclusion of theterm of this Agreement. A party wishing torenew this Agreement shall give the otherparty notice thereof no less than thirty(30) days before the expiration of the termthen in effect. In the event that eitherparty does not give such notice, the term ofthis Agreement shall be automaticallyrenewed for another one (1) year.Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/19998.2 TERMINATION FOR BREACH. In addition to other remedies thatmay be available to it, by providing written notice, a partymay immediately terminate this Agreement: (a) if the other partymaterially breaches this Agreement and fails to cure thatbreach within sixty (60) days after receiving writtennotice of the breach, or (b) as provided in Sections 2.2 [INITIAL INFORMATION TRANSFER MECHANISM DEVELOPMENT],2.4 [RESTRICTIONS ON COMMUNICATIONS], or 12.4.8.3 TERMINATION FOR CHANGE IN COMPANY STRUCTURE. If amajority of the equity securities of either 2TheMart ori-Escrow, Inc. (except that i-Escrow may sell all or amajority of its equity securities or voting intereststo i-Escrow.com, and i-Escrow.com may sell all or amajority of its equity securities or voting intereststo i-Escrows existing shareholders, without triggeringthe foregoing) are acquired by another company duringthe term of this Agreement either company may terminatethis Agreement, without liability, by giving a thirty(30) days written notice to the other party.8.4 TERMINATION FOR BANKRUPTCY. Either party may terminateor suspend this Agreement effective immediately and withoutliability upon written notice to the other party ifany one of the following events occurs:(a) the other party files a voluntary petition inbankruptcy or otherwise seeks protection under anylaw for the protection of debtors;(b) a proceeding is instituted against theother party under any provision of anybankruptcy laws which is not dismissed withinninety (90) days;(c) the other party is adjudged bankrupt;(d) a court assumes jurisdiction of all or asubstantial portion of the assets of the other partyunder a reorganization law;(e) a trustee or receiver is appointed by a courtfor all or a substantial portion of the assetsof the other party;(f) the other party becomes insolvent, ceases orsuspends all or substantially all of its business; or(g) the other party makes an assignment of themajority of its assets for the benefit of its creditors.8.5 EFFECTS OF TERMINATION. Upon expiration or terminationof this Agreement for any reason: (a) all rights grantedherein shall terminate, (b) i-Escrow shall pay all amountsowed to 2TheMart within six (6) weeks of termination,and (c) each party shall remove the other partys contentand Marks from their servers. Notwithstanding theforegoing, unless this Agreement was terminated for amaterial breach, all provisions of this Agreement shallsurvive to the extent necessary for i-Escrow to completeany Customer transactions which are pending at the timeof expiration or termination. Sections 1, 7, 8.5 [EFFECTS OF TERMINATION], 9,10, 11 and 12 shall survive expiration ortermination of this Agreement.9. INDEMNITY. Each party (the "Indemnifying Party") shallindemnify the other party (the "Indemnified Party")against any and all claims, losses, costs and expenses,including reasonable attorneys fees, which the IndemnifiedParty may incur as a result of claims in any formby third parties arising from the Indemnifying Partysacts, omissions or misrepresentations to the extent that theIndemnified Party is deemed a principal of the IndemnifyingParty. In addition, 2TheMart shall indemnify i-Escrow againstany and all claims, losses, costs and expenses, includingreasonable attorneys fees, which i-Escrow may incur as a resultof claims in any form by third parties arising from 2TheMartContent. In addition, i-Escrow shall indemnify 2TheMart againstany and all claims, losses, costs and expenses, includingreasonable attorneys fees, which 2TheMart may incur as a resultof claims in any form by third parties arising from i-EscrowSource: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/1999Content and or the Services provided to Customers. Theforegoing obligations are conditioned on the Indemnified Party:(i) giving the Indemnifying Party notice of the relevantclaim, (ii) cooperating with the Indemnifying Party, at theIndemnifying Partys expense, in the defense of suchclaim, and (iii) giving the Indemnifying Party the right tocontrol the defense and settlement of any such claim, exceptthat the Indemnifying Party shall not enter into anysettlement that affects the Indemnified Partys rights orinterest without the Indemnified Partys prior written approval.The Indemnified Party shall have the right to participatein the defense at its expense.10. LIMITATION ON LIABILITY. EXCEPT IN THE EVENT OF ABREACH OF SECTION 11, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL,INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS(HOWEVER ARISING, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) ARISING OUT OF OR INCONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF THE PARTIES AREAWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.11. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. A partys "Confidential Information"is defined as any confidential or proprietaryinformation of a party which is disclosed tothe other party in a writing markedconfidential or, if disclosed orally, isidentified as confidential at the time ofdisclosure and is subsequently reduced to awriting marked confidential and delivered totheother party within ten (10) days ofdisclosure. Each party shall hold the otherpartys Confidential Information inconfidence and shall not disclose suchConfidential Information to third partiesnor use the other partys ConfidentialInformation for any purpose other than asrequired to perform under this Agreement.Such restrictions shall not apply toConfidential Information which (a) isalready known by the recipient, (b) becomes,through no act or fault of the recipient,publicly known, (c) is received by recipientfrom a third party without a restriction ondisclosure or use, or (d) is independentlydeveloped by recipient without reference tothe Confidential Information. Therestriction on disclosure shall not apply toConfidential Information which is requiredto be disclosed by a court or governmentagency. Upon expiration or termination ofthis Agreement, within fourteen (14) days ofthe other partys request, each party willreturn all Confidential Information andother deliverables to the requesting party.12. GENERAL PROVISIONS.12.1 GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement will be governedand construed in accordance with the laws of the State ofCalifornia without giving effect to conflict of lawsprinciples. Both parties submit to personal jurisdictionin California and further agree that any cause of actionarising under this Agreement shall be brought in a courtin Orange County, California.12.2 SEVERABILITY; HEADINGS. If any provision herein is heldto be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, theremaining provisions will continue in full force without beingimpaired or invalidated in any way. The parties agree to replaceany invalid provision with a valid provision that mostclosely approximates the intent and economic effect of theinvalid provision. Headings are for reference purposes only andin no way define, limit, construe or describe thescope or extent of such section.12.3 PUBLICITY. Prior to the release of any press releases or othersimilar promotional materials related to this Agreement, thereleasing party shall submit a written request for approval to theother party with a copy of the materials to be released, whichSource: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/1999request shall be made no less than three (3) business days prior tothe requested release date. A party shall not unreasonably withholdor delay the granting of its approval of such materials,and such approval shall be provided to the other party within one(1) business day of receipt12.4 FORCE MAJEURE. Except as otherwise provided, if performancehereunder (other than payment) is prevented, restricted orinterfered with by any act or condition whatsoever beyond thereasonable control of a party (a "force majeure event"), theparty so affected, upon giving prompt notice to the other party,shall be excused from such performance to the extentof such prevention, restriction or interference. However, if aforce majeure event interferes with the operation of thisAgreement for sixty (60) days or more, either party can terminatethis Agreement, without penalty. Notwithstanding theforegoing, the occurrence of any force majeure event shall notlimit either partys obligations under Section 9 with respect toany third party claim as to which the other party seeksindemnification.12.5 INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS. The parties are independentcontractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchisor-franchisee relationship isintended or created by this Agreement. Neither party shallmake any warranties or representations on behalf of the otherparty.12.6 NOTICE. Any notices hereunder shall be given to theappropriate party at the address specified below or at such otheraddress as the party shall specify in writing. Notice shallbe deemed given: upon personal delivery; if sent by fax, uponconfirmation of receipt; or if sent by a reputable overnightcourier with tracking capabilities, one (1) day after the date ofmailing:To i-Escrow: i-Escrow, Inc. 1730 South Amphlett Blvd., 215 San Mateo, CA 94402 Fax no. (650) 638-7890 Attention: PresidentWith copy to: Fred M. Greguras, Esq. Legal Counsel of i-Escrow Fenwick West LLP Two Palo Alto Square Palo Alto, CA 94306To 2TheMart: Dominic J. Magliarditi President 18301 Von Karman Avenue, 7th Floor Irvine, CA 92612 Fax no. (949) 477-122111.7 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one ormore counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original andall of which shall be taken together and deemed to be oneinstrument.12.8 GOOD FAITH. The parties agree to act in good faith withrespect to each provision of this Agreement and any disputethat may arise related hereto.12.9 ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTS/INFORMATION. The parties agree tosign and/or provide such additional documents and/or informationas may reasonably be required to carry out the intent ofthis Agreement and to effectuate its purposes.12.10 RIGHTS AND REMEDIES CUMULATIVE. The rights and remediesprovided herein will be cumulative and not exclusive of any otherrights or remedies provided by law or otherwise.12.11 NONWAIVER. No failure or forbearance by either party toexercise any right or insist upon or enforce performance ofany obligation hereunder shall be deemed a waiver orrelinquishment to any extent of that or any other right orobligation, in that or any other instance; rather, theSource: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/1999same shall be and shall remain in full force and effect.Any waiver of any right of a party or any obligation of theother party hereunder must be made in a writing signed by thearty waiving such right or obligation.12.12 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement contains the entireunderstanding of the parties hereto with respect to thetransactions and matters contemplated hereby, supersedesall previous Agreements between i-Escrow and 2TheMartconcerning the subject matter (except for the ConfidentialAgreement Dated January 4 1999, which shall survive thisAgreement). No amendments or supplements to this Agreementwill be effective for any purpose except by awritten Agreement signed by the parties. No party heretohas relied on any statement, representation or promise of anyparty or with any other officer, agent, employee orattorney for the other party in executing this Agreementexcept as expressly stated herein.2THEMART.COM, INC.: I-ESCROW, INC.:By:/s/Dominic J. Magliarditi By:/s/Sanjay BajajName: Dominic J. Magliarditi Name: Sanjay BajajTitle: President Title: VP Business DevelopmentDate: 6/21/99 Date: 6/11/99 EXHIBIT A ESCROW SERVICES DESCRIPTIONSuccessful completion of a transaction involves exchange of merchandisewith payment. The buyer has to be satisfied he/she received what theythought they were getting and the seller has to be sure he/shegets paid. i-Escrow holds payment from the buyer in trust until theseller sends the merchandise to the buyer. Once the buyeraccepts the merchandise, i-Escrow forwards the payment to theseller by writing a check. A typical escrow transaction:When an auction ends, your end of auction email contains links toi-Escrow. Once you have signed up with i-Escrow you gothrough the following steps to complete your transaction.1. Start a transaction by entering the description and price of themerchandise along with email address of the other party.2. The other party receives an email from i-Escrow requesting anacknowledgement of the terms of the transaction.3. Once the transaction is acknowledged by the other party, thebuyer pays i-Escrow the agreed upon price, by credit card or other means.4. i-Escrow informs the seller that payment has been received, requestingthem to ship the merchandise directly to the buyer.5. The seller provides i-Escrow with the tracking number of the shipment.6. The buyer receives and accepts the merchandise.7. i-Escrow sends the check to the seller.For more information about I-Escrow, visit their web-site at www.iescrow.comSource: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/1999