Exhibit 10.5Note: Portions of this exhibit indicated by"[]" are subject to a confidentialtreatment request, and have been omitted from this exhibit. Complete, unredactedcopies of this exhibit have been filed with the Securities and ExchangeCommission as part of this Companys confidential treatment request. Distributor Agreement ---------------------This Distributor Agreement (the "Agreement") is made effective as of the 31stday of March, 2000 (the "Effective Date"), by and between Airspan NetworksIncorporated, a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Washingtonhaving its principal office at 777 108th Avenue NE, Suite 1895, Bellevue,Washington 98004 ("Airspan") and GLS LLC, ("Distributor") a limited liabilitycompany incorporated under the laws of the State of South Dakota having itsprincipal office at 501 Fourth Street, Sergeant Bluff, IA 51054. WITNESSETH:WHEREAS, Airspan is engaged in the design and manufacture of varioustelecommunications product lines, including, among others, those product linesmore completely described in Schedule I hereto (the product lines described inSchedule I, as from time to time amended in accordance with the provisions ofthis Agreement, are hereinafter called the "Airspan Products") the hardwarecomponents thereof are sometimes referred to separately as "Equipment," thesoftware components thereof are sometimes referred to separately as "Software"as defined in Section 11.1, and an arrangement of Equipment which, wheninterfaced with Software, is operable to perform predetermined functions, isreferred to as a "System");WHEREAS, Distributor is engaged in the promotion of sales of telecommunicationsproducts; andWHEREAS, Airspan desires to appoint Distributor as a Distributor for the AirspanProducts for the territory described in Schedule II hereto (the "Territory").NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises herein contained, it ishereby agreed as follows:1. APPOINTMENT. ----------- 1.1 Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, Airspan hereby appointsDistributor as an independent, exclusive distributor to assist Airspan inmarketing the Airspan Products to customers in the Territory, and Distributorhereby accepts such appointment as of the Effective Date of this Agreement.Distributors appointment as a distributor of the Airspan Products grants toDistributor only a license to resell the- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Airspan Products to Distributors customers in the Territory, and does nottransfer any right, title, or interest in any of the Airspan Software toDistributor. 1.2 Distributors relationship to Airspan is that of an independentcontractor, and nothing in this Agreement shall constitute Distributor as theagent or employee of Airspan. Distributor shall have no authority to accept anyorder or make any offer (except as herein stated), or execute any instrument ormake any commitment on behalf of Airspan. Specifically, without in any waylimiting the generality of the foregoing, Distributor agrees not to make anyrepresentation, guarantee, or warranty on Airspans behalf concerning theAirspan Products, but will refer customers to Airspans printed literature.Nothing contained in this Agreement is to be construed as a limitation orrestriction upon Airspan in the sale or other disposition of any of its productsto any person, firm, or corporation inside or outside of the Territory. Airspanwill pay no commissions under this Agreement. Distributors compensation is tobe obtained solely by the difference between the price Distributor pays toAirspan and the price Distributor charges its customers. The parties alsoacknowledge that this Agreement is not intended to create a joint venture orpartnership between Airspan and Distributor. 1.3 Distributor will use its best efforts to maintain and support theAirspan Products within the Territory by devoting such attention, time, andeffort as may be reasonably necessary to fully develop the available marketpotential. During the term of this Agreement, and for a period of three (3)months following the expiration or termination of this Agreement, Distributoragrees that neither it nor any organization or entity controlled or directed byit will, without Airspans prior, written consent, represent a manufacturer orsupplier of products similar in design or performance to or which are of such anature as to be competitive with any products contained in the Airspan Products,nor will Distributor market or otherwise promote the sale of such products.Distributor will give Airspan thirty (30) days prior, written notice of eachnew potential representation role being considered by Distributor, andDistributor will not undertake such representation without Airspans prior,written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld. Except asprovided above, in no event will Airspan consent to Distributors consultationfor or representation of a manufacturer or supplier, which is directly orindirectly, a competitor of Airspan. 1.4 Distributor shall maintain a place of business at the locationspecified in Section 21.10 where Distributor can be contacted by Airspan,customers, and prospective customers during regular business hours with apermanent mailing address and an accessible cellular telephone, and will provideAirspan with written notice promptly upon any change in address. Distributoragrees to assume all of the expenses of this place of business, including rent,stenographic services, and all other expenses except as specifically assumed inwriting by Airspan.- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 1.5 Airspan will provide Distributor with such commercial and technicalassistance and training as may reasonably be necessary, in Airspans solejudgment, to enable Distributor to effectively carry out its activities underthis Agreement and, in connection therewith, to provide such sales promotionalmaterials, as Airspan may deem appropriate. Airspan will provide such technicalsupport as is reasonable and necessary to maintain the product line as a viablecompetitor in the market.2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.Distributor hereby represents and warrants as follows: a. Distributor has been duly registered in accordance with any and allrelevant legislation, has received any and all necessary governmentalauthorizations to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement,and that its entry into and performance under this Agreement will not violateapplicable legislation; b. Distributor is duly registered with all necessary tax authorities andis in compliance with all payment obligations in accordance with applicablelegislation. No claims against or investigations of Distributor with respect toits tax obligations exist; c. Distributor is not currently involved in any litigation, arbitration,or other legal proceedings in which claims are being asserted againstDistributor which might affect its ability to perform its obligations under thisAgreement, nor is Distributor aware of any unasserted claims against Distributorof this nature; and d. Distributors bank accounts have been established and operated inaccordance with applicable legislation. All transactions of Distributorrequired to be carried out through authorized banks have been so carried out.Distributor is not, has not, and warrants that it will not breach any currencyregulation or currency control legislation. Distributor further warrants thatit is not, has not, and will not breach any bank secrecy act, rules orregulations.3. SERVICES. 3.1 In addition to the above, the Distributor will perform the following services under this Agreement: a. In cooperation with Airspan, identify potential customers and project opportunities within the Territory that will lead to sales/licenses of Airspan Products and services; b. Prepare reports on the opportunities that will include: (1) description of the project; (2) assessment of the appropriate fit to Airspan Products and- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- services; (3) dollar size and timing of the project; (4) competitive assessment; and (5) identification of key decision makers and other technical and commercial contacts; c. Assist and advise Airspan in the preparation and delivery of appropriate marketing and sales programs; d. Initiate and coordinate meetings at all levels for the appropriate Airspan employees to evaluate the identified projects; e. Initiate and assist in the preparation of sales and technical meetings with customers, and where appropriate, attend these meetings with Airspan personnel and provide administrative support and translation services; 3.2 Distributor will use its best efforts to vigorously and aggressively promote the sale of Airspan Products within the Territory. Such efforts shall include, but shall not be limited to, that advertising within the Territory which is reasonably necessary. All such advertising shall follow the general statements made in advertising prepared by Airspan. All advertising shall contain a prominent reference to Airspan, indicating the actual commercial origin of Airspan Products so advertised. Distributor shall not make any claims in its advertising which exceed or contradict claims made by Airspan in its printed materials. 3.3 Distributor will train and maintain a sufficient number of technical and sales personnel in order to: (a) serve the demands and needs of its customers for Airspan Products, service, and support; and (b) carry out the obligations of Distributor under this Agreement. 3.4 Distributor and its staff will be conversant with the technical language related to Airspan Products and will develop sufficient knowledge of the industry, Airspan Products, and products competitive with Airspan Products (including specifications, features, and benefits) so as to be able to explain in detail to customers the differences between Airspan Products and competitive products. Distributor will conduct or provide for any training of its personnel which may be necessary to impart such knowledge. 3.5 Distributor and its staff will research the technical requirements and specifications of the market for Airspan Products in the Territory and make information known to Airspan such that Airspan may, at its discretion, implement appropriate technical changes to the Products to enable them to be sold in the Territory. Airspan acknowledges that, subject to a further and separate Agreement, such changes may be implemented in the future by Distributor, with the assistance of Airspan.- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 3.6 Distributor agrees to purchase and stock a comprehensive inventory of spare parts based upon the recommended list set forth in Schedule III to this Agreement. 3.7 Distributor agrees to provide to its customers installation services for all Airspan Products. All such installation services shall be performed by Distributor in accordance with Airspans latest installation standards as provided by Airspan. 3.8 Distributor agrees to train and have readily available a maintenance staff to efficiently and expeditiously maintain or upgrade all Airspan Products purchased or licensed by Distributor from Airspan. Maintenance shall be performed in accordance with Airspans latest maintenance standards for Airspan Products, as provided by Airspan, by Distributors own personnel and may not be subcontracted or delegated to any other person or entity without Airspans prior, written authorization. 3.9 Distributor agrees to provide and maintain those facilities adequate to meet the obligations set forth in this section and of the Agreement. Distributor further agrees to provide all of the sales and support functions set forth in this section at no charge to Airspan. 3.10 Distributor agrees not to actively seek to promote, rent, lease, sell, sublicense or authorize the rental, sale or sublicense of Airspan Products outside of the Territory [without the prior written approval of Airspan], but nothing in this Agreement shall prevent Distributor from renting, selling or sublicensing the Airspan Products to customers outside of the Territory in response to an unsolicited request from such customer. 3.11 During the term of this Agreement Distributor agrees that neither it nor any organization or entity controlled or directed by it will, without Airspans prior, written consent, represent a manufacturer or supplier of products similar in design or performance to or which are of such a nature as to be competitive with any products contained in the Airspan Products. 3.12 The parties mutually agree that by April 30, 2000, the parties will negotiate and execute a National Accounts Consulting Agreement whereby the Distributor will receive consulting fees and commissions for the sale and deployment of Airspans products on a national basis. It is the intent of the parties to jointly pursue the sale of products to said companies and to enter into and complete contracts for the deployment of products in this manner.- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- . ORDERING PROCEDURE. 4.1 The following procedures shall be followed with respect to each purchase order issued by Distributor: a. During the Term, Distributor will inform Airspan of its intent to purchase Equipment and Installation Services (but only if Airspan expressly agrees to perform such Installation Services) and to license Software, by sending to Airspan a written order. This written order (the "Purchase Order") will state the type of Equipment, System, or Installation Services that Distributor wants to purchase and the Software Distributor wants to license, the price of the ordered items (the "Contract Price") as set forth in Schedule IV, "Price List" (which is hereby incorporated by reference) and the proposed delivery and installation dates, if applicable. b. Each Purchase Order shall specifically incorporate by reference the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and no additional or different terms and conditions stated in a Purchase Order, any letter, or otherwise shall be binding unless expressly referred and agreed to by Airspan in writing. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and of any Purchase Order issued hereunder, or if the Purchase Order does not reference the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. 4.2 If a Purchase Order is accepted by Airspan, Airspan will issue an order acknowledgment to Distributor within five (5) business days of Airspans receipt of the written Purchase Order from Distributor.5. RECORDS AND REPORTING. 5.1 At Airspans request, within fifteen (15) days of the end of each calendar month, Distributor will provide to Airspan a written report showing, for the just-ended calendar month: (a) Distributors shipments of Airspan Products by dollar volume, both in the aggregate and for such categories as Airspan may designate from time to time; (b) forecasts of Distributors anticipated orders by product; (c) Distributors current inventory levels of Airspan Products, in the aggregate and by product; and (d) any other information which Airspan may reasonably request. 5.2 Distributor will promptly advise Airspan concerning any market information which comes to Distributors attention regarding Airspan, Airspan Products, Airspans market position, or the continued competitiveness of Airspan Products in the marketplace. Distributor will confer with Airspan from- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- time to time, at Airspans request, on matters relating to market conditions, distribution forecasting, and product planning. 5.3 For at least two (2) years after termination of this Agreement, Distributor will maintain its records, contracts, and accounts relating to distribution of Airspan Products, and will permit examination thereof by authorized representatives of Airspan at all reasonable times.6. CONTRACT PRICE 6.1 The Contract Price for each item of Equipment, Installation Services, or Software is as specified in Schedule IV and shall be paid to Airspan in US Dollars (US) free of any withholding tax and of any currency controls or other restrictions. The Contract Price includes: a. The price of the Equipment; b. The fee for the licensing of the Software; c. If Installation Services are ordered and such order is accepted by Airspan, the charges for installing and testing each unit of Equipment or Software; d. The charges for the warranty of the Equipment and Software in accordance with Sections 14 and 15; and e. Costs in accordance with delivery obligations set forth in Sections 8.1 and 8.2. [][] Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately withthe Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has beenrequested with respect to the omitted portions.- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Airspan warrants that during the term of this Agreement, the prices at which Airspan sells to Distributor products supplied under this Agreement shall be no less favorable to the Distributor than those prices at which Airspan sells, at substantially the same time in the United States, similar products and pursuant to similar terms and conditions as those by which Airspan sells Products to the Distributor under this Agreement. Products shall only be deemed similar if they provide like functionality. The terms and conditions shall only be deemed similar if the product is supplied pursuant to an agreement or arrangement of similar duration and commitment, provides for similar warranties and after service commitments, involves similar spare part and support commitments, has the same payment and other financial terms, and otherwise has similar terms and conditions. 6.2 The Contract Price is shown in Schedule IV and shall include applicable duties, taxes or imposts, including all export or import duties. Sales taxes and contractors excise taxes shall be itemized on all Purchase Orders. The parties agree that the Contract Price in Schedule IV shall be firm for a minimum period of twenty-four (24) months from the Effective Date. After the above period of twenty-four (24) months, Exhibit B may be revised by Airspan giving thirty (30) days written notice to Distributor. 7. PAYMENT TERMS. 7.1 Airspan will issue an invoice (the "Invoice") to Distributor in accordance with the payment terms below. The Invoice specifically will identify the Equipment, Software, or other items shipped, and the Contract Price of such items. Any Installation Services or other services provided by Airspan will be invoiced separately following completion of such services. The Invoice also shall state the total due to Airspan from Distributor (the "Invoice Total"), which shall include the Contract Price, and any applicable taxes, duties, and other fees due pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement. Payment of the Invoice Total is due (without any right of set-off) Net forty-five (45) days after the date of invoice. 7.2 If Distributor disputes any invoice or part thereof, Distributor must notify Airspan in writing within twenty-five (25) days of the invoice date giving details of the reason for such dispute.- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Distributor and Airspan agree to work together in good faith to resolve the dispute as quickly as possible. Distributor may withhold payment of such disputed amounts until resolution of the dispute. Any parts of the invoice not under dispute shall be paid net forty-five (45) days after the date of invoice. On resolution of the dispute, Distributor shall immediately pay any amounts due in full. 7.3 Distributor will make payment by wire or telegraphic transfer to the bank account set forth below or, on receipt of written notification from Airspan, to another designated bank within the United States. Bank: Seafirst Bank, 10555 N.E. 8th, Bellevue, WA98004, USA. Account name: Airspan Networks Inc. Account number: 68777507 Routing Number: 125 - 0000 - 24 Further instructions: "Reference (Distributors name), Purchase Order number, Payment of Invoice number" Payment will be deemed to have been made upon receipt of funds in Airspans bank. 7.4 If the cost to Airspan of performing this Agreement increases as a result of any change to the law or increase in import duty or freight duty, Airspan may, at any time, add such increase to the Contract Price by notifying Distributor in writing of such increase.8. DELIVERY, TITLE AND RISK OF LOSS. 8.1 All Equipment and Software will be delivered by Airspan CIP (as defined in Incoterms 2000) to an airport in South Dakota that completes international customs clearances and shipped to a location within the city limits of the above arrival airport, such airport and delivery location are to be agreed upon in writing by the parties for each Purchase Order. Airspan will be responsible for and pay all packing, shipping, freight, and insurance charges to the agreed upon location within the city limits. If requested by Distributor, Airspan may arrange for shipment to be made to Distributors identified warehouse facilities or freight forwarder outside of the city limits, subject to approval in writing by Airspan and agreement to any additional charges in advance of shipment. Unless specified in the Purchase Order, Airspan will select the mode of shipment and the carrier. In this Agreement, "Incoterms" means the most recent international rules for the interpretation of trade terms published by the International Chamber of Commerce as in force on the Effective Date. Unless the context otherwise requires, any term or expression which is defined in or given a particular meaning by the provisions of the Incoterms shall have the same meaning in this- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Agreement, but if there is any conflict between the provisions of the Incoterms and this Agreement, the latter shall prevail. 8.2 All risk of loss or damage to the Equipment and Software will pass to Distributor on collection by the freight forwarder from Airspan. However, Airspan will insure the Equipment against loss or damage in transit to the agreed to location as set forth in the Purchase Order within the city limits of the arrival airport as set forth in Paragraph 8.1. 8.3 Title to the Equipment shall pass to Distributor on collection by the freight forwarder from Airspan. 8.4 If Distributor has any Airspan owned Equipment in its possession: a. Distributor shall ensure that Equipment is clearly marked as the property of Airspan, and if asked, shall inform any third parties that the Equipment is the property of Airspan; b. Distributor shall not purport to create any security, mortgage, lien or pledge over the Equipment, or otherwise deal with the Equipment without Airspans written consent; c. In the event of any threatened seizure of the Equipment by any third parties, and on termination or expiration of this Agreement, or any Contract made pursuant to it, Airspan shall have the right, without prejudice to any other remedy, to enter without prior notice any premises and to repossess and take away or otherwise deal with the Equipment. 8.5 The Software shall at all times remain the exclusive property of Airspan, subject to the uses provided herein. 8.6 Unless Distributor clearly advises Airspan to the contrary in writing, Airspan may make partial deliveries on account of Purchase Orders. Delay in delivery of any installment shall not relieve Distributor of its obligation to accept said installment, provided that said delay does not exceed sixty (60) days from Airspans scheduled ship date and unless Distributor has clearly advised Airspan to cancel the delayed installment in writing at least fifteen (15) days prior to its revised planned shipment date or its actual shipment date by Airspan. 8.7 Airspan will use reasonable efforts to meet Distributors requested delivery schedules for Equipment and Software, but Airspan reserves the right to refuse, or delay delivery to Distributor when Distributors credit is impaired,- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- when Distributor is delinquent in payments or fails to meet other credit or financial requirements reasonably established by Airspan, or when Distributor has failed to perform its obligations under this Agreement. 8.8 Should orders for Equipment and Software exceed Airspans available inventory, Airspan will allocate its available inventory and make deliveries on a basis that Airspan deems equitable, in its sole discretion, and without liability to Distributor on account of the method of allocation chosen or its implementation. In any event, Airspan shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, or special losses or damages (including, but not limited to, loss of income or profit and loss of data) that may be suffered by the Distributor or by any other person for failure to deliver or for any delay or error in delivery of Equipment or Software for any reason whatsoever.9. TRADEMARKS AND COPYRIGHTS. 9.1 Distributor acknowledges Airspans exclusive right, title, andinterest in and to any trademarks, trade names, logos and designations whichAirspan may at any time have adopted, used, or registered in the United Statesof America and in the Territory (the "Trademarks"), and will not at any time door cause to be done any act or thing contesting or in any way impairing ortending to impair any part of said right, title, and interest. In connectionwith any reference to the Trademarks, Distributor shall not in any mannerrepresent that it has an ownership interest in the Trademarks or registration(s)thereof, and Distributor acknowledges that no action by it or on its behalfshall create in Distributors favor any right, title, or interest in or to theTrademarks. 9.2 Distributor recognizes the validity of Airspans copyright in anywritten material to which Airspan shall have made a claim to copyrightprotection, and Distributor specifically recognizes Airspans exclusive right tocopyright protection and/or registration of any translation of any advertising,promotional, or descriptive material furnished to Distributor by Airspan. 9.3 Whenever Distributor refers to the Trademarks in advertising or inany other manner to identify the products, Distributor shall clearly indicateAirspans ownership of the Trademarks and before distributing or publishing anyadvertising, descriptive, or promotional materials, Distributor shallaffirmatively provide Airspan with an opportunity to inspect and approve suchmaterials. 9.4 Distributor agrees that when referring to the Trademarks, it shalldiligently comply with all laws pertaining to the Trademarks at any time inforce in the Territory.- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 9.5 Distributor shall promptly notify Airspan of any and allinfringements, imitations, illegal uses, or misuses of the Trademarks which cometo Distributors attention. Distributor also agrees that it shall not at anytime take any action in the courts or before the administrative agencies of theTerritory or otherwise to prevent the infringement, imitation, illegal use, ormisuse of the Trademarks, it being clearly understood by Distributor that suchaction falls wholly within the authority of Airspan as sole owner of theTrademarks. 9.6 Distributor agrees to render to Airspan all assistance in connectionwith any matter pertaining to the protection of the Trademarks, whether in thecourts or before the administrative agencies of the Territory or otherwise, andto make promptly available to Airspan, its Distributors, and attorneys all ofDistributors files, records, and other information pertaining to theadvertising, promotion, and sale of the Airspan Products. All assistancerequested by Distributor in this paragraph shall be at AIRSPANs expense. ThisExpense includes costs, attorneys and consultants fees, and reimbursement oftime spent by officers, agents and employees of Distributor. 9.7 Distributor agrees and undertakes that it will not at any time,whether during the term of this Agreement or after its expiration ortermination, adopt, use, or register without Airspans prior, written consentany work or symbol or combination thereof which is similar to any of theTrademarks. 9.8 In the advertising and sale of Airspan Products, Distributor may usethe Trademarks in relation to those Airspan Products. Distributor will not makeor permit the alteration or removal of any tags, labels, or other identifyingmarks placed by Airspan on Airspan Products. Distributor will not use or giveany third party permission to use the Trademarks. Distributor will not use, orgive any third party permission to use, the names "Airspan Communications Ltd.","Airspan Networks Incorporated", "ACL", "ANI" or abbreviations or derivationsthereof in Distributors corporate titles, or in any way which might result inconfusion as to Airspan and Distributor being separate and distinct entities.Distributor admits Airspans exclusive ownership of the name "Airspan NetworksIncorporated", "Airspan Communications Ltd.", "ANI", "ACL", and anyabbreviations or derivations thereof and all of Airspans Trademarks (whetherregistered or not). Distributor shall not take any action inconsistent withAirspans ownership of such Trademarks; therefore, Distributor shall treat allof Airspans items distinctively (as to typography) and shall only use exactreproductions of all Airspans symbols (including Airspans logo). Distributorshall not adopt or use any Trademark or product name which may be confusinglysimilar to any Airspan Trademark. Distributor may use the Airspan logo as itappears on Airspans letterhead.10. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND TRADE SECRETS.- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 10.1 In this Agreement, the term "Confidential Information" shall meanthe information of Airspan disclosed to Distributor in connection with itsperformance under this Agreement, which is in written, recorded, photographic,machine-readable, or other physical form or oral information reduced to writingas soon as practicable after disclosure to Distributor, and which isconspicuously marked "Confidential", "Proprietary", "Private", or in any othermanner indicating its confidential and/or proprietary nature. Withoutlimitation, Confidential Information includes: (1) Airspans software products,materials, data reports, programs, documentation, diagrams, and all relatedtechnical information; (2) all information relating to Airspans business andproducts which is critical to Airspans position in the marketplace, includingfuture plans of Airspan relating to the fields of endeavor in which Distributorperforms services for Airspan, the nature of certain work projects to whichDistributor is exposed, and the identity of persons working on those projects;and (3) any improvements, enhancements, or modifications to the above made by oron behalf of Airspan during the performance under this Agreement which areprovided, made available, or disclosed by or on behalf of Airspan toDistributor, or used by Airspan or any of Airspans other Distributors inconnection with their own sales activities. 10.2 Trade secrets are confidential information that includes ideas,concepts, techniques, processes, inventions, knowledge, and know-how developedby Airspan which: (1) derives independent economic value, actual or potential,from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by propermeans by, other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure oruse; and (2) is subject to the efforts of Airspan that are reasonable under thecircumstances to maintain its secrecy. (This "trade secret" language comes fromthe Uniform Trade Secrets Act.) 10.3 Distributor covenants and agrees that it will use the ConfidentialInformation solely for the performance of services under this Agreement, andshall not disclose such Confidential Information to any other person (includingAirspan employees in any other division, group, or entity), firm, orcorporation. 10.4 Distributor shall use the same degree of care in safeguarding theConfidential Information as it uses for its own confidential information of likeimportance, but no less than reasonable care. Upon discovery of any disclosureor misuse of Confidential Information, Distributor shall endeavor to prevent anyfurther disclosure or misuse. 10.5 All Confidential Information shall remain the property of Airspan,and such Confidential Information and all copies thereof shall promptly bereturned to Airspan upon request or, at Airspan s option, destroyed, in whichcase Airspan shall be notified in writing when it has been destroyed.- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 10.6 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as grantingto or conferring upon Distributor any rights, by license or otherwise, expressor implied, in Airspans Confidential Information, other than the right to usethe Confidential Information for the purpose of this Agreement. 10.7 Any copies of the Confidential Information made by Distributorshall reproduce proprietary marking and legends included therein, but theprovisions of this Agreement supersede any provisions of such legendsinconsistent herewith. 10.8 The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall not be disclosedby Distributor to others, except with the prior, written consent of Airspan, oras may be required by law or as necessary to establish its rights hereunder. 10.9 If, in connection with its performance, Distributor discloses toAirspan any ideas, developments, or inventions conceived or actually reduced topractice by Distributor prior to its performance hereunder, no relationship,confidential or otherwise, express or implied, is established with Airspan bythe disclosure thereof. With respect to any such disclosure, no obligation ofany kind is assumed by nor may be implied against Airspan, its subsidiary, orassociated companies unless a formal, separate, written contract regarding thesubject of disclosure is consummated by the parties, and then the obligationshall be only as expressed in the separate contract. 10.10 Distributor agrees that any breach of the provisions of thisSection by Distributor or Distributors personnel, agents, or subcontractors, orany third party providing products or services to Distributor will causeimmediate and irreparable injury to Airspan and that, in the event of suchbreach, Airspan shall be entitled to injunctive relief and any and all otherremedies available at law or in equity. 10.11 After Distributor has received Airspans Confidential Informationand know-how, it will be impossible to segregate Airspans knowledge and know-how from other knowledge acquired independently by Distributor. Accordingly,during the performance of this Agreement and for three (3) months aftertermination of services under this Agreement, Distributor will not offerservices to third parties which compete with the services provided by Airspanunder this Agreement, or otherwise use the knowledge acquired from Airspan inorder to compete with Airspan or its customers. Notwithstanding anything to thecontrary above, Distributor is not precluded from any activities which concernproduct sectors or industries other than those that concern products or servicessimilar to those offered by Airspan in connection with this Agreement. Nothingin this paragraph will be construed to prevent Distributor from providingservice to existing customers of Distributor which would result in theirinterruption of service to the public.- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 10.12 During the performance of this Agreement and for three (3)months after termination of services under this Agreement, Airspan will notoffer products or services to third parties which compete with the products orservices provided by Distributor under this Agreement, or otherwise use theknowledge acquired from Distributor in order to compete with Distributor itscustomers 10.13 The obligations of this Section 10 shall survive the expiration ortermination of this Agreement.11. SOFTWARE LICENSE. 11.1 Airspan grants Distributor, and Distributor hereby accepts, anonexclusive, non-transferable license to use, and to sublicense as set forthbelow, Software provided by Airspan hereunder only on a single System or unit ofEquipment, as may be applicable. No license is granted to use the Software onmultiple Systems or in conjunction with Equipment furnished by a party otherthan Airspan, unless specifically agreed to in writing by Airspan. Softwarelicensed under this Agreement is defined as: (a) any digital instructionsequence or control data contained on any media, including but not limited to,any magnetic-, electronic-, optical-, or organic device, and the term Softwareshall include any enhancement, modification, extension, part, portion orexpansion thereof or implementation or downloading from network of any of theforegoing, for use exclusively on a System or a unit of Equipment; and (b) allassociated documentation used to describe, maintain and use the Software. 11.2 Any Software provided to Distributor by Airspan will be treated as theexclusive property of Airspan, and Distributor will: (a) treat such Software asConfidential Information under Section 10 of this Agreement; (b) utilize suchSoftware or any portions or aspects thereof (including any methods or conceptsutilized therein) solely on Systems or Equipment provided by Airspan; (c)forthwith return to Airspan all memory media, documentation and/or othermaterial that has been modified, updated or replaced; (d) except to the extentpermitted by applicable law not modify, disassemble or decompile such Software,or reverse engineer any portion of the Software or functioning of Systems orEquipment, or permit others to do so, without Airspans prior written consent;(e) except to the extent permitted by applicable law not reproduce or copy suchSoftware in whole or in part except for backup and archival purposes or asotherwise permitted in writing by Airspan; (f) not perform or release benchmarksor other comparisons of the Software; and (g) not remove any trademark,tradename, copyright, notice or other proprietary notice from the Software andDistributor shall be responsible for the conservation of the same on any back-upcopy of the Software.- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 11.3 In the event of a breach of this license by Distributor, then Airspanmay, in its discretion, terminate the license with immediate effect, whereuponDistributor shall return to Airspan all Software and copies thereof within ten(10) days.12 EXCUSABLE DELAY.Airspan shall not suffer any liability for non-performance, defectiveperformance, or late performance under this Agreement due to causes beyond itscontrol and without its fault or negligence such as, but not limited to, acts ofGod, war (including civil war), civil unrest, acts of government, fire, floods,explosions, the elements, epidemics, quarantine, restrictions, strikes, lock-outs, plant shutdown, material shortages, or delays in transportation or delaysof its suppliers or subcontractors for like cause.In the event of excusable delay as defined in the preceding sentence, thenAirspan, upon giving prompt written notice to Distributor, shall be excused fromsuch performance on a day-to-day basis to the extent of such prevention,restriction, or interference (and Distributor shall likewise be excused fromperformance of its obligations on a day-to-day basis to the extent Distributorsobligations relate to the performance so prevented, restricted, or interferedwith), provided that Airspan shall use its best endeavors to avoid or removesuch causes of non-performance and both parties shall proceed to perform withdispatch whenever such causes are removed or cease to exist.13. TERM AND TERMINATION. 13.1 This Agreement shall remain in effect for sixty (60) months fromthe Effective Date (the "Initial Term"). After the Initial Term, the term of theAgreement may be extended by a further period of five (5) years by mutualwritten agreement by the parties in the form of an amendment to this Agreement.If Distributor wishes to extend the term of the Agreement beyond the InitialTerm, it must notify Airspan in writing at least six (6) months prior to thenend of the Initial Term. However, nothing contained herein shall be interpretedas requiring either party to renew or extend this Agreement. Notwithstandingthe provisions of this section or of any other provisions of this Agreement,this Agreement may be terminated prior to the expiration of its stated term asset forth below. 13.2 Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time during the termof this Agreement if either party fails materially to comply with any covenant,term, or provision of this Agreement, by written notice given to the other partynot less than thirty (30) days prior to the effective date of such termination.Either partys right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 13.2 may notbe exercised unless said- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- party shall have given the other party written notice of the failure, and theother party has not cured the failure within the thirty (30) day periodfollowing notice from said party. 13.3 This Agreement terminates automatically for just cause, with nofurther act or action of either party if: (a) a receiver is appointed forDistributor or its property; (b) Distributorsbsp;makes an assignment for the benefitof its creditors; (c) any proceedings are commenced by, for, or againstDistributor under any bankruptcy, insolvency, or debtors relief law; or (d)Distributor is liquidated, dissolved, or otherwise terminates its activities. 13.4 In the event of termination by either party for any reason,Distributor shall provide Airspan with lists of existing customers as well asother information necessary for an orderly changeover of representation in theTerritory. 13.5 Upon termination, Distributor shall immediately return to Airspanall Confidential Information, and Distributor agrees that neither it nor anycompany or organization controlled or directed by it shall divulge the contentsof such material to any person at any time, notwithstanding the termination ofthis Agreement. 13.6 Airspan shall not be liable to Distributor for damages of any kind,including incidental or consequential damages, on account of the termination ofthis agreement in accordance with this section 13. Airspan shall not be liableto Distributor on account of termination or expiration of this Agreement forreimbursement or damages for loss of goodwill, prospective profits, oranticipated orders, or on account of any expenditures, investments, leases, orcommitments made by either party, or for any other reason whatsoever based uponor growing out of such termination or expiration. Airspan will recognizepayments due to Distributor for orders received up to ninety (90) days after thetermination or expiration of this Agreement. 13.7 Distributor acknowledges and agrees that: (a) Distributor has noexpectation and has received no assurances that its business relationship withAirspan will continue beyond the states term of this agreement or its earliertermination in accordance with this section, that any investment by Distributorin the promotion of Airspans Products will be recovered or recouped, or thatDistributor shall obtain any anticipated amount of profits by virtue of thisAgreement; and (b) Distributor shall not have or acquire by virtue of thisAgreement or otherwise any vested, proprietary, or other right in the promotionof Airspans Products or in any goodwill created by its efforts hereunder. 13.8 This Section 13.8, as well as the provisions of Sections 9, 10, 11,16, 17 and 18, shall survive the termination of this Agreement.- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- . WARRANTY. 14.1 THE WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN SECTIONS 14 AND 15 OF THIS AGREEMENT AREIN LIEU OF, AND Airspan HEREBY DISCLAIMS, ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED TERMS ANDWARRANTIES OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULARPURPOSE. 14.2 Subject to Sections 14.3 and 14.4, Airspan warrants that the Equipmentsold to Distributor under this Agreement shall, under normal use and service, befree from defects in materials and faulty workmanship, and that the Softwarelicensed to Distributor under this Agreement shall conform in all materialrespects to Airspans published specifications therefor. The warranty period forany item of Equipment and related Software shall be twelve (12) months from thedate of delivery of such Equipment and related Software to Distributor as setforth in Paragraph 8.1 (hereinafter, this period of time shall be referred to asthe "Initial Warranty Period.") 14.3 Airspans obligation and Distributors sole remedy under this warrantyare limited to the replacement or repair, at Airspans option, of the defectiveEquipment or Software within the Initial Warranty Period. Airspan shall have noobligation to remedy any such defect if it can be shown that: (a) the Equipmentor Software was altered, repaired, or reworked by any party other than Airspanwithout Airspans prior written consent; (b) such defects were the result ofDistributors or a third partys improper storage, mishandling, abuse, or misuseof the Equipment or Software; (c) such defects were the result of Distributorsor a third partys use of the Equipment or Software in conjunction withequipment electronically or mechanically incompatible or of an inferior quality;or (d) the defect was the result of damage by fire, explosion, power failure, orany act of nature. 14.4 In no event shall Airspan be obliged to provide on-site maintenance.Subject to the provisions of this warranty clause, defective parts or componentsmust be returned by Distributor to Airspans designated facility located withinthe contiguous 48 states in the United States, freight prepaid, within theInitial Warranty Period, and said defective parts will be repaired or replacedby Airspan at no charge to Distributor. In connection with such return byDistributor, Distributor shall comply with Airspans Return MaterialAuthorization (RMA) procedures. Risk of loss or damage to Equipment or Softwarereturned to Airspan for repair or replacement shall be borne by Distributoruntil delivery to Airspan. Upon delivery of such Equipment or Software, Airspanshall assume the risk of loss or damage until that time that the Equipment orSoftware being repaired or replaced is returned and delivered to Distributor.Distributor will pay all transportation costs for Equipment or Software shippedto Airspan for repair or replacement. Airspan shall pay all transportationcosts associated- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- with returning repaired or replaced Equipment or Software to Distributor unlessthere was no fault found (NFF), in which event, the Distributor shall pay suchtransportation costs, along with Airspans then prevailing standard NFF charge. 14.5 Airspan will charge Distributor for any maintenance carried out whichis not covered by the warranties contained in Section 14.2 or Section 15 atAirspans then prevailing standard rates for such services.15. WARRANTY ON REPAIRED AND REPLACEMENT MATERIALS.Airspan warrants that, following repair or replacement, the repaired or replacedEquipment or Software by Airspan shall be free from defects in materials andfaulty workmanship and that the Software will conform in all material respectsto Airspans published specifications therefor for ninety (90) days from date ofshipment from Airspan to Distributor or until the end of the Initial WarrantyPeriod, whichever is longer.16. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. 16.1 WITHOUT PREJUDICE TO SECTION 16.4, NEITHER Airspan, NOR ANY OF ITSOFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, SHAREHOLDERS, ORAFFILIATES (Airspan AND SUCH OTHER PERSONS, THE "Airspan PARTIES"), SHALL HAVEANY LIABILITY TO DISTRIBUTOR FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, INCOME, REVENUE OR DATA, ORINCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING FROMOR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, ANY PURCHASE ORDER PLACED PURSUANT TO THISAGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER COLLATERAL CONTRACT, OR FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THEEQUIPMENT OR THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE THEREOF OR THE INABILITY TO USE THEM EITHERSEPARATELY OR IN COMBINATION WITH OTHER EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE, OR FROM ANY OTHERCAUSE, WHETHER CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE, BREACH OF CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,BREACH OF WARRANTY, ON GROUNDS OF FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OR OTHERWISE. 16.2 Without prejudice to Sections 16.3 and 16.4, the liability of theAirspan Parties, taken as a whole, for each event or series of connected eventsarising out of or in connection with this Agreement, any purchase order placedpursuant to this Agreement, or any other collateral contract, or from or inconnection with the Equipment or Software or the use thereof, or the inabilityto use them either separately or in combination with other equipment orsoftware, or from any other cause, whether caused by negligence, breach ofcontract, strict liability, breach of warranty, on grounds of failure ofessential purpose, or otherwise, shall in no circumstance exceed the totalamount payable by Distributor to Airspan under this Agreement for the provisionof- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- the Equipment or Software which gave rise to the loss or damage or inconnection with which the loss or damage was incurred. 16.3 Airspan Parties, taken as a whole, shall be liable for physicaldamage to Distributors property resulting from Airspans negligence under or inconnection with this Agreement up to a maximum aggregate amount of one millionUS Dollars (US1,000,000). And Distributor, taken as a whole, shall be liablefor physical damage to Airspans property resulting from Distributorsnegligence under or in connection with this Agreement up to a maximum aggregateamount of one million US Dollars (US1,000,000). 16.4 Nothing in this Agreement shall exclude or in any way limit Airspanliability for death or personal injury caused by its negligence. 16.5 Save as provided for in Section 17 Distributor shall indemnify andhold harmless and defend the Airspan Parties from and against all claims,demands, actions, suits, proceedings, writs, judgments, orders and decreesbrought, made or rendered against them or any of them and all damages, lossesand expenses suffered or incurred by them or any of them howsoever arising outof or related to the breach by Distributor of any of the terms of thisAgreement. Airspan shall notify Distributor forthwith of any claim, demand,action, suit, proceeding, writ, judgment, order or decree falling within thescope of this Section 16.5 and shall permit Distributor sole conduct of the sameand shall provide reasonable assistance in relation thereto, subject toappropriate defense by Distributor and the payment by Distributor of Airspansreasonable costs and expenses. 16.6 Distributor shall include, in its agreements with its customerspursuant to which Distributor supplies Equipment or Software, provisionspursuant to which such customers agree that the Airspan Parties shall have noliability for any of the types of damages referred to at Section 16.1 inconnection with or arising from the Equipment or Software or the use thereof, orthe inability to use them either separately or in combination with otherequipment or software, or from any other causes.17. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS INDEMNITY. 17.1 Airspan agrees to indemnify and hold Distributor harmless with respectto any suit, claim, or proceeding brought against Distributor by a third partyalleging that Distributors use of the Equipment or the Software, separately orin combination, as a whole or in part, constitutes an infringement of any patentor copyright or misuse of proprietary or trade secret information. Airspanagrees to defend Distributor against any such claims and to pay all litigationcosts, reasonable attorneys fees, settlement payments, and any damages awardedor resulting from any such claim.- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 17.2 Distributor shall promptly advise Airspan of any such suit, claim, orproceeding and shall co-operate with Airspan in the defense or settlementthereof. Airspan shall have sole control of the defense of any action involvingsuch a claim and of all negotiations for its settlement or compromise. 17.3 In the event that an injunction is obtained against Distributors useof the Equipment and/or the Software, in whole or in part, as a result of anysuch claim, Airspan shall use its best efforts to either: (a) procure forDistributor the right to continue using the portions of the Equipment or theSoftware enjoined from use; or (b) replace or modify the same with functionallyequivalent or better Equipment and/or Software so that Distributors use is notsubject to any such injunction. In the event that Airspan cannot perform theremedies set forth in Sections 17.3(a) or 17.3(b), then Distributor shall havethe right to return such Equipment and the Software to Airspan. In the event ofsuch return, Airspan shall refund the depreciated value of the Equipment and thelicense to use the Software within thirty (30) days of the receipt by Airspan ofthe Equipment and the Software. 17.4 This indemnity shall not apply to claims arising in respect to the useof the Equipment or Software supplied by Airspan or manufactured by itssuppliers in accordance with any design or any special instruction furnished byDistributor, or which is used by Distributor in a manner or for a purpose notcontemplated by this Agreement. 17.5 The provisions of this Section 17 set forth the entire obligation ofAirspan with respect to any claim of patent infringement, copyrightinfringement, or misuse of proprietary or trade secret information.18. EXPORT CONTROLS AND LEGAL COMPLIANCE. 18.1 If any approval with respect to this Agreement, or the registrationthereof, shall be required at any time during the term of this Agreement, withrespect to giving legal effect to this Agreement in the Territory, or withrespect to compliance with exchange regulations or other requirements so as toassure the right of remittance abroad of United States dollars pursuant toSection 6 hereof, Distributor shall immediately take whatever steps may benecessary in this respect, and any charges incurred in connection therewithshall be for the account of Distributor. Distributor shall keep Airspancurrently informed of its efforts in this connection. Airspan shall be under noobligation to ship Airspan Products to Distributor hereunder until Distributorhas provided Airspan with satisfactory evidence that such approval orregistration is not required or that it has been obtained. 18.2 In the performance of its obligations under this Agreement,Distributor shall at all times strictly comply with all export laws,regulations, and orders of the- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- United Kingdom and the United States of America. Distributor specificallyacknowledges that Equipment, Software or technology supplied or licensed byAirspan under this Agreement are subject to U.K. and U.S. trade sanctions andexport control laws and regulations including, but not limited to, the variousForeign Assets Control Regulations, the Export Administration Regulations, andthe International Traffic in Arms Regulations. Distributor specificallyacknowledges that Equipment, Software, or technology obtained from Airspanpursuant to this Agreement shall not be exported, re-exported, transshipped,disclosed, diverted, or transferred, directly or indirectly, contrary to U.K.and U.S. laws, orders or regulations. The provisions of this section shallsurvive any termination of this Agreement.19. TRAINING AND DOCUMENTATION. 19.1 Airspan shall provide a single technical course in the Englishlanguage for up to two (2) qualified technicians of Distributor during the firstyear of this Agreement. The training course so developed by Airspan shall beused to familiarize Distributors technicians with the use and maintenance ofAirspan Products. Training will be conducted at Airspans facilities inUxbridge, UK, unless otherwise agreed to by Airspan. The necessary instructorsand training facilities will be provided by Airspan at no charge to Distributor.Distributor will pay all additional expenses of training including, but notlimited to, travel and room and board. Additional training courses may berequested by Distributor at Airspans then current rates for such courses. 19.2 Airspan agrees to provide Distributor at no additional charge with itsstandard package of documentation related to the use, maintenance, andinstallation of Airspan Products. In the event that such documentation ismodified during the term of this Agreement, Airspan agrees to provide toDistributor at no additional charge all such modifications. In addition to thedocumentation described above, Airspan agrees to provide at no additional chargereasonable amounts of sales materials such as brochures, press releases, andfact sheets. All documentation provided by Airspan to Distributor shall be inthe English language. All translation of such documentation provided by Airspanwill be at Distributors sole expense. All such translations and advertisingmaterial not supplied by Airspan relating to Airspan Products and services willbe submitted to Airspan for approval before publication or dissemination.20. CONFLICT OF INTEREST.Distributor confirms that it has revealed all information pertaining to possibleconflicts of interest created by the sale of competing products or services orarising from other positions or contracts held by Distributor, and representsthat no conflict of interest exists. Any future circumstances which couldcreate possible conflicts of interest will be revealed to Airspan as soon asthey become known by informing Airspan of any business relationships,circumstances, or situations which could prejudice in any way- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- the conduct of Airspan marketing activities according to the highest ethical andbusiness standards, or place Airspan or Distributor in any kind of embarrassingsituation.21. MISCELLANEOUS. 21.1 Pursuant to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of the United Statesof America, directors, officers, or employees of Distributor shall not offer orpay any bribe to any individual or corporation in connection with the provisionor support of any Airspan Products obtained under this Agreement. When otherindividuals or organizations are required to participate in the sales programcovered by this Agreement, they shall be compensated fairly based on the tasksperformed. In no circumstances are public servants or holders of public officeto be offered or paid any bribe or other benefit, direct or indirect. Nocontribution in any way related to Airspan shall be made to candidates forpublic office or to political parties or other political organizations,regardless of whether such contributions are permitted by the laws of theTerritory. The parties agree that both parties will comply fully with all ofthe terms, conditions, rules, regulations and statutes of the Foreign CorruptPractices Act. The parties further agree that if either party violates any ofthe provisions of said Act, the party violating the Act will indemnify the otherparty from any and all liability thereunder, including costs, expenses, fines orlegal fees. 21.2 In performing this Agreement, the parties shall comply with allapplicable laws, rules, and regulations, and shall indemnify, defend and saveeach other harmless from said partys failure to do so. Furthermore, if thisAgreement, the relationship created hereby or the performance hereof isdetermined by either party to be contrary either to (a) the laws, rules orregulations applicable to the parties; or (b) the parties representations asset forth herein, this Agreement will be null and void from its inception. Theparties have entered into this Agreement in material reliance on the followingrepresentations made by each party that: a. Neither this Agreement, the relationship created hereby nor the performance hereof is contrary to any applicable law, rule or regulation; b. The parties have not refunded and will not refund either directly or indirectly, any funds to any director, officer, employee or other representative of either party (or of any subsidiary controlled by or affiliated with either party) or to such partys family; and c. The parties represent and covenant that they have not made and will not commit themselves to make, nor will they directly or indirectly make, any payments in connection with the business of the parties to any director, officer, official, employee or shareholder of any governmental or private- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- customer, or prospective customer, or of any political party, or to such partys family, or that are otherwise illegal under applicable law.Distributor understands and agrees that Airspan will comply with any legalprovision requiring disclosure of, or request from a government or governmentalor private customer to disclose, by affidavit or otherwise, the identity ofpayments made or to be made to Distributor. 21.3 Neither party may assign this Agreement or subcontract itsobligations under this Agreement to another party without the other partysprior, written consent executed by a duly authorized officer. The parties agreethat if said assignment is to a subsidiary or affiliate organization, saidconsent to assignment will not be unreasonably withheld. 21.4 This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed bythe laws of the State of South Dakota. 21.5 Any dispute, controversy or claim between the parties arising outof, or in connection with, this Agreement, or the breach, termination orvalidity thereof will be resolved by mutual agreement of the parties, providedthat this shall not limit the ability of the parties to seek temporary orinterim injunctive relief in the event of any breach or threatened or impendingbreach of the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement. If any dispute,controversy, or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or thebreach, termination or validity thereof is unable to be resolved by mutualagreement of the parties, each of the parties hereby (i) agrees that any action,suit or proceeding with respect to this Agreement against it or its propertiesor revenues must be brought exclusively in the federal and state courts sitingin Minneapolis, MN, and (ii) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdictionof any such court and any appellate court from any order or judgment thereof inany such action, suit or proceeding. The parties hereby irrevocably agree thatall claims in respect of such action, suit or proceeding may be heard anddetermined in such courts. The parties hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullestextent they may effectively do so, the defense of an inconvenient forum to themaintenance of such action, suit or proceeding. The parties agree that a finaljudgment in any such action, suit, or proceeding will be conclusive and may beenforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other mannerprovided by law. 21.6 The parties failure to enforce at any time any of the provisionsof this Agreement or any right with respect thereto, or to exercise any optionherein provided shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision,rights, or options, or in any way to affect the validity of this Agreement. Theparties exercise of any of their rights hereunder or of any options hereunderunder the terms or covenants herein shall not preclude or prejudice the partiesfrom thereafter exercising the same or any right- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- which they may have under this Agreement, irrespective of any previous action orproceeding taken by either party hereunder. 21.7 In the advertising and sale of Airspan products, Distributor willutilize Airspans regular trade names and trademarks only as permitted ordirected by Airspan, will not make or permit alteration or removal of any tags,labels, or other identifying marks placed by Airspan on its products, and willnot use the name "Airspan Communications Corporation" or abbreviations thereofin Distributors corporate titles or in any other way which might result inconfusion as to Airspan and Distributor being separate and distinct entities.Distributor will not register any Airspan trademark. 21.8 This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties, their heirs,successors in interest and permitted assigns. 21.9 This Agreement and any attachment hereto shall be modified only byan instrument in writing and signed by duly-authorized officers or agents of theparties. 21.10 All notices, requests, consents, and other communicationshereunder must be in writing and will be deemed to have been properly given whenactually received by the party to whom sent, at the following addresses: To: Airspan To: Distributor Airspan Networks Inc. GLS LLC 777 108 Th. Avenue NE 501 Fourth Street Suite 1895 PO Box 67 Bellevue, Washington Sergeant Bluff, IA 98004 51054 Attn: Peter Stanway Attn: Jon Winkel Contracts Manager Fax No. 919-319-0106 21.11 The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if anyprovision is held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part in anyjurisdiction, then such invalidity or unenforceability will affect only suchprovision or part thereof in such- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ jurisdiction, and will not in any manner affect the provision in any otherjurisdiction, or any other provision in this Agreement in any otherjurisdiction. 21.12 Distributor agrees not to publish any press releases or otherwisepublicize the existence, or any of the terms, of this Agreement without theprior written consent of Airspan, such consent not unreasonably to be withheldor delayed.22. This document constitutes the entire agreement between the parties withrespect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all previouscommunications, representations, understandings, and agreements, either oral orwritten, between the parties or any official or Distributor thereof with respectto the subject matter hereof.- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to beduly executed as of the Effective Date, such parties acting by their officers,being thereunto duly authorized.Airspan Networks Inc. GLS LLCBy: _______________________________ By: ______________________________Name: ______________________________ Name: _____________________________Title: ______________________________ Title: ____________________________