[LOGO] EXHIBIT C AIRSOPURE FRANCHISE AGREEMENTTHIS AGREEMENT is entered into on this ____ day of ___________, 2000, by andbetween Airsopure International Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation whoseprincipal place of business is located at 15400 Knoll Trail, Suite 200, Dallas,Texas 75248 (hereinafter "AIRSOPURE" or by reference "we", "us", "our"), andYou: , ------------------------------------whose address is:- ----------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------(hereinafter "You" or by reference "Franchisee", or "Your"). Either Party orboth Parties respectively may be referred to as "Party" or "Parties." RECITALSA. AIRSOPURE and its affiliate design, manufacture and distribute indoor aircleaning systems under the name and mark "AIRSOPURE" (the "Products").B. AIRSOPURE has developed a system for the establishment, development andoperation of sales centers ("AIRSOPURE Center(s)" or "Center(s)") for the saleand servicing of AIRSOPUREs exclusive line of Products using the service mark"AIRSOPURE" and other trademarks, service marks (including but not limited to,"The Essence of Clean Air"), logos and identifying features designated from timeto time by AIRSOPURE (the "Licensed Marks") and using AIRSOPUREs distinctivemethods for establishing and operating AIRSOPURE Centers.C. You desire to establish an AIRSOPURE Center to be located in the followinggeographic area:- ----------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------(the "Exclusive Territory"), and AIRSOPURE desires to grant You the right tooperate an AIRSOPURE Center at such location under the terms and conditionscontained in this Agreement.NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual rights, covenants and obligationsset forth herein, the Parties agree as follows:1. GRANT OF FRANCHISE1.01. AIRSOPURE grants to You, and You accept from AIRSOPURE, the right andlicense to operate an AIRSOPURE Center (or the "Franchise") for the sale orlease of AIRSOPUREs exclusive line of Products or at a location in theExclusive Territory to be approved in writing by AIRSOPURE and listed inattached Exhibit A (the "Exclusive Territory and Center Location"), to purchaseProducts from AIRSOPURE or its affiliates for resale at the Center to customersin the Exclusive Territory, and to use the Licensed Marks only in connectionwith the operation of the Franchise in accordance with the terms and conditionsof this Agreement. AIRSOPURE grants the Franchise to You hereunder in relianceupon Your agreement to at all times operate and manage the Franchise faithfully,honestly and diligently in strict conformance with AIRSOPUREs operatingprocedures and specifications, as set forth herein and as otherwise from time totime communicated to You, using Your best efforts to promote and enhance theperformance and operation of the Franchise.1.02. AIRSOPURE hereby grants to You the exclusive right to solicit customersfor the Products by direct mail advertising, or other approved means, but notincluding the World Wide Web (Internet) nor by printed catalogues, in 1the Exclusive Territory described above and in Exhibit A. Other AIRSOPUREfranchisees will not be permitted to solicit customers for Products byadvertising in Your Exclusive Territory. Likewise, You may not target or solicitcustomers for Products by advertising in other Franchisees respective ExclusiveTerritories. Exclusive Territories will not overlap into other ExclusiveTerritories. You shall not purposely solicit sales and service to customerslocated outside Your Exclusive Territory, provided such activity in not withinan assigned Exclusive Territory. You have been granted an exclusive trade areaby this Agreement.2. TERM AND RENEWAL2.01. The term of this Agreement shall be for 10 years commencing on the date ofexecution of this Agreement by AIRSOPURE.2.02. At the expiration of the term or any renewal term hereof, You may, at itsoption, renew the Franchise granted hereunder for 2 additional terms of 10 yearseach on the following terms and conditions:A. You shall give AIRSOPURE notice in writing of Your election to renew thisAgreement at least 3 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term.B. You shall not be in default of any provision of this Agreement or amendmenthereto, including without limitation all payment obligations to AIRSOPURE andits affiliates.C. As a condition of renewal of the Franchise, You agree to execute AIRSOPUREsthen-current form of franchise agreement and to comply fully with all terms andconditions thereof, and to pay AIRSOPURE the then-current renewal fee, which ispresently 1,000.00. You understand that AIRSOPURE may revise its franchiseagreement for any renewal term, at AIRSOPUREs sole discretion, includingwithout limitation to increase the royalty fees or other fees payable by You orto require other obligations of franchisees.D. You shall meet AIRSOPUREs then-current qualifications and trainingrequirements.E. You shall execute a general release in a form prescribed by AIRSOPUREreleasing AIRSOPURE and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees andagents from all known and unknown claims and liabilities to the extent permittedby state and federal law.F. You may be required, at AIRSOPUREs sole discretion, to upgrade or remodelYour AIRSOPURE Center to conform to AIRSOPUREs then-current specifications andstandards as specified in AIRSOPUREs Operating Manual of otherwise in writing,provided such upgrade or remodel is reasonable in terms of cost andimplementation schedule.3. FEES3.01. In consideration of the Franchise rights and license granted herein, Youagree to pay to AIRSOPURE the following fees:A. You shall pay to AIRSOPURE an initial franchise fee of 25,000.00 uponexecution of this Agreement. You agree that the initial franchise fee representspayment for the initial grant of the Franchise rights and license grantedherein, shall be fully earned upon execution of this Agreement, and the said feewill not be refunded under any circumstances unless otherwise specifically setforth herein. You must find a suitable Center site within 90 days of signing theFranchise Agreement, unless we mutually agree otherwise. If we cannot agree on aCenter location, within 4 months, we may a) extend your search time, b) exchangeyour territory, or c) terminate your Franchise and refund up to 70% of yourFranchise Fee, at our sole discretion. There are no refunds under any othercircumstances.B. You shall pay to AIRSOPURE a continuing non-refundable royalty fee on amonthly basis of 25% of Your total monthly gross sales, as defined below. This fee is due by the7th of the month for the preceding month.C. You shall account to AIRSOPURE for Your continuing non-refundable localadvertising fee of 2% of Your total monthly gross sales, which You must spend onthe promotion of Your Center. This accounting is due by the 7th of the month forthe preceding month.D. You shall pay to AIRSOPURE a continuing non-refundable Advertising Fund feeof 2% of Your total monthly gross sales, beginning January 1, 2001, or later atour sole option, as described in Section 10 hereof. This fee will be due by the7th of the month for the preceding month.E. "Gross sales" as used in this Section 3.01 shall mean the amount of grossrevenues received by You from all sources, including without limitation sales ofProducts, services or other merchandise of every kind or nature from, at or inconnection with the operation of the AIRSOPURE Center granted herein, excludingstate, federal or local sales taxes collected from customers and paid to theappropriate taxing authority.F. Fees payable under Paragraphs 3.01.B and 3.01.D above shall be due andpayable monthly by the seventh day of each month, based on Your gross sales ofthe previous month. Delinquent fees shall bear interest at a rate of the lowerof: (i) one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month, or (ii) the maximum ratepermitted by applicable law.4. DUTIES OF AIRSOPURE4.01. Prior to the opening of the Franchise, AIRSOPURE shall:A. Following receipt in writing from You of a request for approval of at least 3possible locations as the Authorized Location for the Franchise, AIRSOPURE willpromptly evaluate such locations and notify You in writing of its approval orrejection of such location(s) within 7 working days.B. Provide You with AIRSOPUREs specifications and requirements or otherassistance deemed necessary by AIRSOPURE to assist You in opening the Center.C. Provide an initial training program for 2 people to be designated by You asdescribed in AIRSOPUREs Operations Manual.D. Provide one copy, on loan to You, of AIRSOPUREs Operations Manual asdescribed in Section 8 hereof for use solely in connection with operation of theAIRSOPURE Center granted hereunder.E. Sell to You an opening order of Products for resale or lease at the Franchiseas described in Paragraph 6.01 below.4.02. Following the opening of the Franchise, AIRSOPURE shall:A. Provide daily consultation by telephone as reasonably requested by You duringthe first two weeks of operation of the AIRSOPURE Center Franchise.B. Provide continuing general advisory assistance as deemed necessary byAIRSOPURE regarding the operation and advertising of the Franchise.C. Provide updates, revisions and amendments to the AIRSOPURE Operating Manualand system as AIRSOPURE may from time to time deem necessary or desirable.D. Fill Your orders for Products for resale at the Franchise in accordance withSection 6 below.E. Provide training programs or seminars as AIRSOPURE may, from time to time inits sole discretion, deem appropriate. AIRSOPUREs training programs forfranchisees is described in AIRSOPUREs Operations Manual, and is subject tochange at any time in AIRSOPUREs sole 3discretion.F. AIRSOPURE may, from time to time at its sole discretion, provide testcustomers or store visits by AIRSOPURE representatives to evaluate Your methodsof operation and compliance with AIRSOPUREs standards and specifications.5. YOUR DUTIES5.01. You shall:A. You must find a suitable Center site within 90 days of signing the FranchiseAgreement, unless we mutually agree otherwise, and attend (or if You are acorporation, Your majority shareholder will attend or Your Operating Principalor manager and one other employee) and successfully complete to AIRSOPUREsreasonable satisfaction AIRSOPUREs initial training program within 90 DAYSfollowing execution of this Agreement.B. Obtain all federal, state and local business licenses, permits,certifications and bonds required for lawful operation of the Franchise andcertify in writing to AIRSOPURE prior to opening that all such requirements havebeen obtained.C. Attend (with Your manager) and complete to AIRSOPUREs reasonablesatisfaction such continuing training or educational programs as AIRSOPURE mayfrom time to time require in writing. AIRSOPURE will not charge You for thetraining programs, but You shall be responsible for the costs of meals, lodging,travel and all other expenses incurred by You or Your employees in attendingsuch programs.D. Actively promote AIRSOPUREs Products and services and exert Your bestefforts to fully develop and maximize the market for AIRSOPUREs Products andservices in Your Exclusive Territory.E. Devote Your full time (or if You are a corporation, designate a manager) tooversee the management and operation of the Center.F. Purchase and maintain and adequate supply for use in connection with theoperation of the Franchise Business various copyrighted materials and formswhich are the proprietary property of AIRSOPURE and which are an integral partof AIRSOPUREs system franchised hereunder. Other supplies and equipmentnecessary for operation of the Center may be purchased from third Partysuppliers who meet AIRSOPUREs standards and specifications and have beenapproved in writing by AIRSOPURE in accordance with the procedures set forth inAIRSOPUREs Operating Manual, which may be amended from time to time byAIRSOPURE at its sole discretion.G. Purchase Products from AIRSOPURE for resale to customers in the ExclusiveTerritory in accordance with Section 6 below.H. Comply with all federal, state and local health and safety laws, rules andstandards applicable to operation of the Franchise. You will forward copies ofall notices of non-compliance by the Franchise with any law, rule, regulation orordinance to AIRSOPURE within three days from receipt thereof accompanied by asummary of action You will take to comply.I. Maintain adequate working capital to operate the Franchise in accordance withthe AIRSOPURE Operations Manual, as such may be amended by AIRSOPURE from timeto time.J. Operate the Franchise in strict conformance with AIRSOPUREs policies,procedures, standards and specifications as may be prescribed by AIRSOPURE fromtime to time in the Operations Manual or otherwise in writing, including withoutlimitation all changes specified by AIRSOPURE to its system or Products. .K. Display AIRSOPUREs Licensed Marks or logos on all marketing materials and atYour AIRSOPURE Center. AIRSOPURE reserves the 4right to alter or change its Licensed Marks, logos or trade dress at any time,and You agree to use such Licensed Marks, logos or trade dress as specified fromtime to time by AIRSOPURE promptly upon receipt of notice in writing fromAIRSOPURE.L. Maintain and supply to third Parties upon request information to be suppliedby AIRSOPURE regarding the availability of franchises.M. Provide AIRSOPURE and its representatives with unlimited access toFRANCHISEES offices or its AIRSOPURE Center (personal residence excluded),including Your books, computer system (for sales and products only, unless weare auditing You) and records of the Franchise, during normal business hours forpurposes of conducting inspections to fully examine and evaluate Your methods ofdoing business, including interviews with Your employees and customers.N. You acknowledge and agree that such inspections and evaluations are necessaryfor AIRSOPURE to insure the maintenance of its quality standards, and You agreeto fully cooperate with any reasonable request by AIRSOPURE in connection withsuch inspections and evaluations.O. Diligently and immediately take such steps as are deemed reasonably necessaryby AIRSOPURE to correct any deficiencies detected by AIRSOPURE in Your adherenceto AIRSOPUREs operating policies, procedures, standards and specifications.P. In the event You are a corporation, comply with the following:1. You will provide in Your Articles of Incorporation that Your sole corporatepurpose is the operation of the Franchise.2. Every certificate for shares of stock in the corporation will include thefollowing legend printed thereon if sole purpose of the corporation is to ownand operate franchised business:"THE TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR ASSIGNMENT OF THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THISCERTIFICATE IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND RESTRICTIONS CONTAINED IN A FRANCHISEAGREEMENT BETWEEN THE HOLDER OF THESE SHARES AND AIRSOPURE FRANCHISE GROUP,INC."3. You agree to comply with the restrictions on transfer of ownership of thecorporation set forth in Section 12.02 below.4. You will provide AIRSOPURE, prior to the opening of the Franchise, withcopies of Your Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws and other governing documents,including all amendments thereto, and a copy of the resolutions by Your Board ofDirectors authorizing execution of this Agreement, certified by the Secretary ofthe corporation.5. You will provide AIRSOPURE with a current list of shareholders and willupdate such list from time to time as the list changes.6. Each shareholder of the corporation (if sole corporate purpose is thefranchise), will execute a personal guarantee of Your performance under thisAgreement and all amounts owed by You to AIRSOPURE in the form of attachedExhibit B.Q. The Parties recognize the importance of fully developing the market forProducts in the Exclusive Territory, and a substantial part of the considerationfor and inducement to AIRSOPURE to enter into this Agreement is Your agreementto devote Your best efforts to market, sell and support Products to customerslocated in Your Exclusive Territory. You agree to concentrate Your marketingefforts to customers located in Your Territory, and You agree not to advertisethe Products using media or publications whose primary coverage area is outsideYour Exclusive Territory. 5R. You may relocate Your Center at Your sole expense, within Your ExclusiveTerritory, provided You give us written notification at least 30 days prior torelocation stating the reasons for such a move.6. PURCHASE AND SALE OF PRODUCTS6.01. You will purchase from AIRSOPURE and AIRSOPURE will sell to You for resaleor lease at the Center to customers in the Exclusive Territory an opening orderof Products having an aggregate cost to You of from 5,000.00 to 10,000.00, bymutual agreement, based on market conditions. Such purchase must be consummatedin its entirety before You open Your Center, unless AIRSOPURE agrees in writingto extend such time period.6.02. After the opening order contemplated by the preceding Paragraph, You willfrom time to time place orders for Products with AIRSOPURE on the followingbasis:A. All orders for Products shall be accompanied by payment, unless atAIRSOPUREs sole discretion, other payment terms are permitted.B. All orders will be shipped freight collect unless freight is paid in advanceby You.C. You will pay the prices then prevailing at the time AIRSOPURE receives eachorder. Such prices are subject to change at any time by AIRSOPURE.D. All merchandise will be shipped to You at the Center for resale to customersin the Exclusive Territory. You will sell Products only to end-user customersand not for resale. You will not sell or lease Products at any location otherthan within Your Exclusive Territory, engage in mail order sales of Products orsupply Products to others for resale or lease at any other location.E. All orders for Products are subject to availability. In the event any Productis in short supply, AIRSOPURE shall have the right to allocate such Product onan equitable basis.F. You will not modify the Products, and You will not offer or carry anyproducts or services other than AIRSOPUREs Products and services specified byAIRSOPURE without written approval from AIRSOPURE.G. Notwithstanding nationally advertised prices by AIRSOPURE, You may resellProducts purchased under this Agreement at prices set by You. However, AIRSOPUREretains the right, to the extent permitted by law, to refuse to fill Your ordersfor Products if You fail to honor AIRSOPUREs suggested prices for the sameProducts sold by other franchise owners in Your region.7. LICENSED MARKS7.01. AIRSOPURE represents with respect to the Licensed Marks that:A. AIRSOPURE is the owner of all right, title and interest in and to theLicensed Marks or has the right and license to use and grant a license to You touse the said Licensed Marks.B. AIRSOPURE will take all steps reasonably necessary to preserve and protectthe ownership and validity in and to the Licensed Marks.7.02. With respect to Your licensed use of the Licensed Marks pursuant to thisAgreement, You agree that:A. You shall use only the Licensed Marks designated by AIRSOPURE and shall usethem only in the manner authorized and permitted by AIRSOPURE.B. You shall use the Licensed Marks only for the operation of the Franchise atthe Authorized Location. 6C. During the term of this Agreement, You shall identify Yourself as the ownerof the Franchise in conjunction with any use of the Licensed Marks, including,but not limited to, on invoices, order forms, receipts, business cards,contracts and at such conspicuous locations on the Centers premises or in thefield as AIRSOPURE may specify. The identification shall be in a form whichspecifies Your name, followed by the term "Independent Franchise Owner" or suchother identification as shall be approved by AIRSOPURE.D. You shall not use the Licensed Marks to incur any obligation or indebtednesson behalf of AIRSOPURE, and You shall not represent that Your Center is owned,operated by or affiliated with AIRSOPURE other than as a franchisee.E. You shall not use the Licensed Marks as part of Your corporate or other legalname, without the prior written consent of AIRSOPURE.F. You shall file an assumed name registration, and shall execute any documentsdeemed necessary by AIRSOPURE to obtain protection for the Licensed Marks or tomaintain their continued validity and enforceability.7.03. You expressly understand and acknowledge that:A. As between the Parties hereto, AIRSOPURE, by its trademark License Agreementwith Airsopure, Inc. is the licensor of all right, title and interest in and tothe Licensed Marks and the goodwill associated with and symbolized by them.B. You shall not directly or indirectly contest the validity of the ownership ofthe Licensed Marks.C. Your use of the Licensed Marks pursuant to this Agreement does not give Youany ownership interest or other interest in or to the Licensed Marks.D. Any and all goodwill arising from Your use of the Licensed Marks in theFranchise under AIRSOPUREs system shall inure solely and exclusively to thebenefit of AIRSOPURE, and upon expiration or termination of this Agreement andthe Franchise herein granted, no monetary amount shall be assigned asattributable to any goodwill associated with Your use of the Licensed Marks.E. The right and license to use the Licensed Marks granted hereunder to You isnonexclusive, and AIRSOPURE may use and grant franchises to others to use theLicensed Marks in any manner except as expressly provided otherwise herein.F. AIRSOPURE reserves the right to substitute different Licensed Marks for usein identifying the System and the businesses operating thereunder, and You agreeto comply with AIRSOPUREs requirements relating thereto.7.04. You shall promptly notify AIRSOPURE of any unauthorized use of theLicensed Marks or marks confusingly similar thereto, any challenge to thevalidity of the Licensed Marks, or any challenge to AIRSOPUREs ownership of, orYour right to use, the Licensed Marks. You acknowledge that AIRSOPURE has thesole right to direct and control any administrative proceeding or litigationinvolving the Licensed Marks, including any settlement thereof. AIRSOPURE hasthe right, but not the obligation, to take action against uses by others thatmay constitute infringement of the Licensed Marks.7.05. Provided You have used the Licensed Marks in accordance with thisFranchise Agreement and AIRSOPUREs Operations Manual, AIRSOPURE will defend Youat AIRSOPUREs expense against any third Party claim, suit or demand involvingthe Licensed Marks and arising out of Your use thereof. In the event that Youhave not used the Licensed Marks in accordance with this Agreement, AIRSOPUREshall defend You, at Your expense, against such third Party claims, suits ordemands. 77.06. In the event of any litigation or administrative proceeding relating tothe Licensed Marks, You shall execute any and all documents and do all acts asmay, in the opinion of AIRSOPURE, be necessary to carry out such defense orprosecution, including, but not limited to, becoming a nominal Party to anylegal action. Except to the extent that such litigation is the result of Youruse of the Proprietary Marks in a manner inconsistent with the terms of thisAgreement, AIRSOPURE agrees to reimburse You for its out-of-pocket costs inperforming such acts, except that You shall bear the salary costs of itsemployees, and AIRSOPURE shall bear the cost of any judgment or settlement.8. OPERATIONS MANUAL8.01. AIRSOPURE shall provide You with one copy of AIRSOPUREs Operations Manualcovering the proper operating and marketing techniques and the standards andspecifications for operation of the Franchise. You agree to fully comply withthe Operations Manual in its entirety as an essential aspect of Your obligationsunder this Agreement. Failure to so comply shall be treated as a breach of thisAgreement.8.02. You shall at all times treat the Operations Manual, all supplements andrevisions thereto, any other operations manual, brochure or memorandum createdfor or approved for use in the operation of the Franchise and the informationcontained therein as the confidential and proprietary information of AIRSOPURE,and shall use all reasonable efforts to maintain the confidentiality of suchinformation. You shall not at any time, without AIRSOPUREs prior writtenconsent, copy, duplicate, record, or otherwise reproduce the foregoingmaterials, in whole or in part, nor otherwise make the same available to anyunauthorized person. You may disclose such information and materials only tosuch of Your employees or agents, or others who must have access to it inconnection with their employment or the performance of this Agreement, in whichevent You shall obtain the agreement of such persons and entities to maintainthe confidentiality thereof. The Operations Manual shall remain at all times thesole property of AIRSOPURE.8.03. AIRSOPURE may from time to time revise the contents of the OperationsManual, and You expressly agree to comply with each new or changed standard,specification or procedure set forth therein. You shall at all times ensure thatYour copy of the Operations Manual is kept current and up to date. In the eventof any dispute as to the content of the Operations Manual, the terms of themaster copy of the Operations Manual maintained by AIRSOPURE at AIRSOPUREs homeoffice shall be controlling.9. ACCOUNTING AND RECORDS9.01. During the term of this Agreement, You shall maintain and preserve, for atleast five years from the date of their preparation, full, complete, andaccurate, books, records and accounts in the form and manner prescribed byAIRSOPURE from time to time in the Operations Manual or otherwise in writing.9.02. You shall, at Your expense, submit to AIRSOPURE, by the 7th day of eachmonth, a monthly statement on forms prescribed by AIRSOPURE accuratelyreflecting gross sales of the Franchise for the preceding calendar month. Eachstatement shall accompany Your monthly royalty and advertising fund fee paymentsand shall be signed by You attesting that it is true and correct.9.03. You shall, at Your expense, submit to AIRSOPURE an annual financialstatement for the Franchise, which includes an income statement prepared inaccordance with generally accepted accounting principals, within 90 days of theend of each fiscal year during the term hereof. Each statement shall be signedby You attesting that it is true and correct.9.04. You shall submit to AIRSOPURE for review and auditing such other forms,reports, 8records, information and data, as AIRSOPURE may reasonably request in writing.9.05. AIRSOPURE or its designated agents shall have the right at all reasonabletimes to examine and copy, at its expense, all books, records, receipts and taxreturns of Yours related to the Franchise and, at its option, to have anindependent audit made, and thereupon be allowed to search Your computeraccounting files. If an inspection or audit should reveal that payments havebeen understated in any report to AIRSOPURE, then You shall immediately pay toAIRSOPURE the amount understated upon demand, in addition to interest from thedate such amount was due until paid, at the prime rate being charged by Bank ofAmerica on the date the payment was due plus 2%, or the maximum rate permittedby law, whichever is less. If an inspection discloses an underpayment toAIRSOPURE of 2% or more of the total amount that should have been paid toAIRSOPURE, You shall, in addition to repayment of such understated amount withinterest, reimburse AIRSOPURE for any and all costs and expenses incurred inconnection with the inspection or audit (including, without limitation,reasonable accounting and attorneys fees). The foregoing remedies shall be inaddition to any other remedies AIRSOPURE may have, including without limitation,the remedies for default.10. MARKETING AND ADVERTISING10.01. You shall submit to AIRSOPURE for review prior to use samples of alladvertising and promotional materials that have not been previously approved byAIRSOPURE. AIRSOPURE shall notify You of its approval or disapproval within 7days or less from the date of receipt by AIRSOPURE of such materials. Failure byYou to obtain the prior approval in writing of AIRSOPURE for all advertising andpromotional materials shall be a violation of this Agreement.10.02. AIRSOPURE has established an advertising fund (the "Fund") to buildrecognition of the Products and the Licensed Marks and to promote AIRSOPUREsProducts and the Franchise. You shall participate in the Fund, in addition toYour obligation to conduct local advertising of the Franchise, on the basisdescribed in Paragraph 3.01.D above.10.03. AIRSOPURE will administer the Fund as follows:A. The Fund shall be maintained in a separate bank account. Upon request by You,AIRSOPURE will provide an annual accounting of amounts spent from the Fund,including a reasonable allocation to cover AIRSOPUREs overhead expenses foradministration and management of the Fund.B. AIRSOPURE may allocate amounts held in the Fund at its discretion asAIRSOPURE deems appropriate. You are not guaranteed that any particular amountor percentage of the Fund will be spent in Your local market.C. AIRSOPURE shall have the right to terminate the Fund at any time. However,the Fund will not be terminated until all moneys in the Fund have been expendedfor the purposes stated in Paragraph 10.02 above.D. AIRSOPURE may from time to time amend its policies or establish new policiesand procedures for administration of the Fund.10.04. In addition to its monthly contribution to the Fund, You shall spend anamount equal to at least 2% of Your total monthly gross sales (as defined inParagraph 3.01.C above) on local advertising in Your Exclusive Territory. Youshall submit to AIRSOPURE a monthly report to accompany Your advertising fundfee and royalty fee payments accounting for and evidencing Your localadvertising expenditures. Your local advertising shall comply with theprocedures specified in Paragraph 10.01 above. 911. INSURANCE11.01. You shall procure and maintain in full force and effect during the termof this Agreement, at Your expense, insurance policies written by an insurancecompany satisfactory to AIRSOPURE in accordance with standards andspecifications set forth in the Operations Manual or otherwise by AIRSOPURE inwriting. Such policies shall name AIRSOPURE as an additional insured and shallinclude, at a minimum:A. Comprehensive general liability insurance in the amount of 1,000,000.00.B. Comprehensive automobile liability insurance, including collision,comprehensive, medical and liability to satisfy state law requirements.C. Additional coverages and higher policy limits may be required from time totime by AIRSOPURE.11.02. At least 7 days prior to the opening of the Center and on each policyrenewal date thereafter, You shall submit to AIRSOPURE copies of all policiesand policy amendments. The evidence of insurance shall include a statement bythe insurer that the policy or policies will not be canceled or materiallyaltered without at least 30 days prior written notice to AIRSOPURE.11.03. Your obligation to obtain and maintain the foregoing policy or policiesin the amounts specified shall not be limited in any way by reason of anyinsurance which may be maintained by AIRSOPURE, nor shall Your performance ofthat obligation relieve You of liability under the indemnity provisions setforth in Section 17 of this Agreement.11.04. Should You, for any reason, fail to procure or maintain the insurancerequired by this Agreement, AIRSOPURE shall have the right and authority(without, however, any obligation to do so) immediately to procure suchinsurance and to charge same to You, which charges, together with a reasonablefee for AIRSOPUREs expenses in so acting, shall be payable by You immediatelyupon notice. AIRSOPURE is not a licensed insurance agent or agency.12. TRANSFER OF INTEREST12.01. Transfer by AIRSOPUREA. AIRSOPURE shall have the right to transfer or assign all or any part of itsrights or obligations in this Agreement to any person or legal entity. AIRSOPUREmay sell or assign any of its assets, including without limitation the LicensedMarks, the system or Products, to any person or legal entity without liabilityor obligation to You.B. Nothing in this Agreement or otherwise shall obligate AIRSOPURE to remain inthe indoor air purification business in the event AIRSOPURE should exercise itsright to assign this Agreement or its assets which are the subject of thisAgreement to a third Party.12.02. Transfer by YouA. You agree that the rights and duties set forth in this Agreement are personalto You, and that AIRSOPURE has entered into this Agreement and granted theFranchise rights and license hereunder in reliance on Your business skill,financial capacity, and character. Accordingly, You shall not sell, assign,transfer, convey, give away, mortgage or otherwise encumber any direct orindirect interest in the Franchise without the prior written consent ofAIRSOPURE.B. Any purported assignment or transfer, by operation of law or otherwise, nothaving the prior written consent of AIRSOPURE shall be null and void and shallconstitute a material breach of this Agreement.C. AIRSOPURE shall not unreasonably withhold its consent to a transfer of anyinterest in Your Franchise or in this Agreement if the following conditions havebeen met:1. All of Your accrued monetary and other 10obligations to AIRSOPURE and its subsidiaries, affiliates and suppliers shallhave been satisfied;2. You shall not be in default of any provisions of this Agreement or any otheragreement between You and AIRSOPURE or its affiliates or suppliers;3. You shall have executed a general release, in a form satisfactory toAIRSOPURE, of any and all claims against AIRSOPURE and its officers, directors,shareholders and employees.4. You shall remain liable for all obligations to AIRSOPURE in connection withthe Franchise prior to the effective date of the transfer;5. The transferee shall enter into a written assignment in a form satisfactoryto AIRSOPURE assuming and agreeing to discharge all of Your obligations underthis Agreement;6. The transferee shall demonstrate to AIRSOPUREs satisfaction that thetransferee meets AIRSOPUREs then existing requirements and qualifications forthe granting of an AIRSOPURE Franchise;7. The transferee shall execute for a term ending on the expiration date of thisAgreement the standard form franchise agreement then being offered to newfranchisees and such other ancillary agreements and documents as AIRSOPURE maythen require for the Franchise, which may include changes in required feepayments or other terms;8. The transferee shall agree to upgrade the Franchise to conform to the thencurrent standards and specifications for AIRSOPURE franchises;9. Transferee and its employees shall complete such training programs asAIRSOPURE may reasonably require, at the transferees expense;10. You shall pay AIRSOPURE a transfer fee of 1000.00 to cover AIRSOPUREsadministrative expenses in connection with the transfer.12.03. Right of First RefusalIn the event You desire to sell the AIRSOPURE Center and Franchise rights andlicense granted herein, or any part of Your stock interest in a corporation thathas been granted such rights, and receives a bona fide acceptable offer inwriting, You agree to notify AIRSOPURE in writing of the terms and conditions ofsuch offer. AIRSOPURE shall have the option, within 15 days after receipt ofsuch written notice, to notify You that AIRSOPURE elects to purchase the rightsand license granted herein or stock ownership on the same terms and conditionsas the bona fide written offer. You agree to sell to AIRSOPURE on the same termsand conditions as the bona fide offer and to comply with all applicable lawsrelating to bulk transfers of assets. If AIRSOPURE fails to notify You of itselection to exercise its right of first refusal granted herein within the thirtyday period, then You may sell the franchise rights and license or the stock forthe amount of the bona fide offer, subject to AIRSOPUREs rights under Section12.02 above. Any material change in the terms or conditions of any offer priorto closing shall constitute a new offer subject to AIRSOPUREs right of firstrefusal described herein. If You fail to consummate the transaction within 30days from the earlier of: (a) receipt of notice from AIRSOPURE that it electsnot to exercise its right of first refusal, or (b) expiration of the 15 dayperiod referred to herein, then You must resubmit the proposed transaction toAIRSOPURE, and AIRSOPURE shall have a new 15 day review period and right offirst refusal.12.04. Transfer Upon Death or Mental IncapacityUpon Your death or mental incapacity, or a person owning all or controllinginterest in Your Franchise, AIRSOPURE shall consent to the transfer of suchinterest to Your spouse or heirs provided, in AIRSOPUREs sole determination,such person(s) meet AIRSOPUREs then existing requirements and qualificationsfor the granting of an AIRSOPURE Franchise. If the said transfer 11shall not be approved by AIRSOPURE, Your executor, administrator or personalrepresentative shall transfer Your interest to a third Party approved byAIRSOPURE within 6 months after Your death or the determination of Your mentalincapacity. If Your interest is not disposed of within 6 months after such deathor mental incapacity, AIRSOPURE may terminate this Agreement.12.05. Operation of Franchise by AIRSOPUREIn order to prevent any interruption in the business that would cause harm tothe Franchise or AIRSOPURE, You authorize AIRSOPURE, at its option but not itsobligation, in the event that You are absent or incapacitated by reason ofillness, death or otherwise and are not, in AIRSOPUREs sole judgment, able tooperate the Franchise for any extended period of time, to operate and manage theFranchise for so long as AIRSOPURE deems necessary, without waiving any ofAIRSOPUREs other rights and remedies under this Agreement. All monies from theoperation of the Franchise during such period of operation by AIRSOPURE shall bekept in a separate account, and the expenses of AIRSOPURE during such period foroperating the Franchise, including reasonable compensation of AIRSOPURE and itsemployees or representatives, shall be charged to such account. You agree tosave harmless and fully indemnify AIRSOPURE and its employees andrepresentatives for and against all claims, losses or actions in connection withthe operation and management of the Franchise hereunder.12.06. Non-Waiver of ClaimsAIRSOPUREs consent to a transfer of any interest in the Franchise grantedherein shall not constitute a waiver of any claims it may have against You, norshall it be deemed a waiver of AIRSOPUREs right to demand exact compliance withany of the terms of this Agreement by the transferee.13. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION13.01 You shall not, during the term of this Agreement or thereafter,communicate, divulge, or use for the benefit of any other person or entity anyconfidential information, knowledge, or know-how concerning AIRSOPUREs system,the Products or the operation of the Franchise, including without limitation theOperations Manual. You shall divulge such confidential information only to suchof Your employees or agents as must have access to it in order to operate theFranchise. Any and all information, trade secrets, knowledge, know-how, or otherdata concerning AIRSOPUREs system, the Products or which AIRSOPURE designatesas confidential shall be deemed confidential for purposes of this Agreement,except information which You can demonstrate came to Your attention prior todisclosure thereof by AIRSOPURE, or which, at or after the time of disclosure byAIRSOPURE to You, had become or later becomes a part of the public domain,through publication or communication by others. You agree to use suchproprietary information of AIRSOPURE only for operation of the FranchiseBusiness.13.02. You acknowledge that the provisions of this Section 13 are and have beena primary inducement to AIRSOPURE to enter into this Agreement, and that anyfailure to comply with the requirements of Section 13.01 will cause AIRSOPUREirreparable injury without an adequate remedy at law; and You agree to pay allcourt costs and reasonable attorneys fees incurred by AIRSOPURE in obtainingspecific performance of, or an injunction against any violation of, therequirements of Section 13.01.14. DEFAULT AND TERMINATION14.01. AIRSOPURE may, at its option, terminate this Agreement and all rightsgranted hereunder, without affording You any opportunity to cure the defaults,effective immediately upon receipt of notice by You, upon the occurrence of anyof the following:A. You become insolvent or makes a general assignment for the benefit ofcreditors; or if a 12petition in bankruptcy is filed by You or such a petition is filed against andconsented to by You; or if You are adjudicated a bankrupt; or if You are unableto pay commercial debts as they become due.B. You (or a principal shareholder if the Franchisee is a corporation) isconvicted of a felony or any other crime or offense that is reasonably likely,in the sole opinion of AIRSOPURE, to adversely affect the goodwill or reputationof AIRSOPURE or the Licensed Marks.C. A judgment or consent decree is entered against You (or a principalshareholder if the Franchisee is a corporation) in a case involving allegationsof fraud, racketeering, unfair or deceptive trade practices or similarallegations which, in AIRSOPUREs judgment, are likely to adversely affectAIRSOPURE, its Products, the Licensed Marks or the goodwill associatedtherewith.D. You or any partner or shareholder in You transfers any rights or obligationsunder this Agreement or any interest in You or in the Franchise to any thirdParty without AIRSOPUREs prior written consent.E. You intentionally disclose the contents of the Operations Manual orbbsp;othertrade secrets or confidential information provided to You by AIRSOPURE to anyunauthorized person or fails to exercise reasonable care to prevent suchdisclosure.F. You maintain false books or records of the Franchise or knowingly make anymaterial false statements or omission to AIRSOPURE in connection with Yourapplication for the franchise granted herein or in connection with any reportssubmitted to AIRSOPURE, including without limitation the understatement of grosssales by more than 2%.G. You fail to commence business within 4 months following the execution of thisAgreement.H. You (and Your manager) fail to attend any scheduled training program whichAIRSOPURE has indicated is mandatory.I. You operate the Franchise in such a manner which causes a threat or danger topublic health or safety.J. You receive 3 or more notices of default of this Agreement from AIRSOPURE forviolations under Section 14.02 hereof.14.02. Except for violations of this Agreement listed in Section 13.01 above, orviolations specifically provided for elsewhere in this Agreement, You shall have30 days from receipt from AIRSOPURE of a written Notice of Termination (citingthe reason(s) therefor) within which to remedy any default listed in thisSection 13.02, or any other violation of this Agreement.A. You fail to pay promptly any monies owing to AIRSOPURE or its subsidiaries oraffiliates when due, or to submit the financial information or reports requiredby AIRSOPURE under this Agreement.B. You fail to meet or comply with any standards, specifications or proceduresprescribed by AIRSOPURE in this Agreement, the Operations Manual or otherwisespecified in writing from time to time by AIRSOPURE.C. You are convicted, plead guilty or enter into a consent agreement forviolation of any federal, state or local law, ordinance, rule or regulation thatis reasonably likely, in the sole opinion of AIRSOPURE, to materially andunfavorably affect the Franchise or AIRSOPURE, the Licensed Marks or thegoodwill associated therewith.D. You misuse or make any unauthorized use of the Proprietary Marks or otherwiseimpairs the 13goodwill associated therewith or AIRSOPUREs rights therein.E. You abandon the Franchise or fail to operate the Center during normalbusiness hours without the consent in writing of AIRSOPURE.F. You fail to submit advertising or promotional materials to AIRSOPURE forapproval in writing prior to use.14.03. No right or remedy of AIRSOPURE conferred herein shall be exclusive ofany other right or remedy provided herein, at law or in equity, unlessspecifically provided otherwise in this Agreement or any amendment hereto.14.04. In the event this Agreement is terminated by AIRSOPURE for violation ofthis Agreement by You, AIRSOPURE shall have the right, at its option, topurchase Your interest in the tangible assets of the Franchise at their fairmarket value.15. OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION15.01. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, this Agreement and allrights granted hereunder to You shall immediately terminate, and:A. You shall immediately cease to operate the Franchise and shall notthereafter, directly or indirectly, represent to the public or hold itself outas a present or former franchisee of AIRSOPURE.B. You shall immediately and permanently cease to use, by advertising or in anyother manner whatsoever, the Licensed Marks of AIRSOPURE, any other identifyingcharacteristics or trade dress of the system, and all confidential methods,procedures and techniques associated with the Franchise.C. You shall take such action as may be necessary to cancel any assumed name orequivalent registrations or listings in telephone or other directories whichcontain the names or Licensed Marks of AIRSOPURE, and You shall furnishAIRSOPURE with evidence satisfactory to AIRSOPURE of compliance with thisobligation within 30 days after termination or expiration of this Agreement.D. You shall promptly pay all sums owing to AIRSOPURE and its subsidiaries andaffiliates, including all damages, costs and expenses, including reasonableattorneys fees, incurred by AIRSOPURE as a result of the default.E. You shall pay to AIRSOPURE all damages, costs and expenses, includingreasonable attorneys fees, incurred by AIRSOPURE subsequent to the terminationor expiration of the Franchise herein granted in obtaining injunctive or otherrelief for the enforcement of any provisions of this Agreement.F. You shall immediately turn over to AIRSOPURE the Operations Manual, records,files, instructions, software, correspondence, and all other materials providedby AIRSOPURE related to the operation of the Franchise, and all copies thereof(all of which are acknowledged to be AIRSOPUREs property), and shall retain nocopy or record of any of the foregoing, except only Your copy of this Agreementand any correspondence between the Parties, and any other documents which Youreasonably need for compliance with any applicable provision of law.G. AIRSOPURE shall have the right, but not the duty, to be exercised by noticeof intent to do so within 30 days after termination or expiration, to purchaseany or all signs, advertising materials, supplies and inventory and any otheritems bearing AIRSOPUREs Licensed Marks, at Your cost or at fair market value,whichever is less. If the Parties cannot agree on the fair market value of suchitems, the Parties will select and share the expense of an independent appraiserto determine fair market value. With respect to any purchase by AIRSOPURE asprovided herein, AIRSOPURE shall have the right to set off against the purchaseprice all amounts due from 14You under this Agreement.16. COVENANTS16.01. You covenant and agree (or if Your Franchise is a corporation Yourcontrolling shareholder agrees) to supervise and devote Your best efforts tomanage and operate the Franchise.16.02. You acknowledge that, pursuant to this Agreement, You will receivevaluable specialized training and confidential and proprietary information ofAIRSOPURE, including, without limitation, information regarding the operational,sales, promotional, and marketing methods and techniques of AIRSOPURE and itssystem. You covenant and agree that during the term of this Agreement, andsubject to the post-termination provisions contained herein, You shall not,except as otherwise approved in writing by AIRSOPURE, either directly orindirectly:A. Divert or attempt to divert any business or customer of the Franchise to anycompetitor, or competing business, by direct or indirect inducement orotherwise, or do or perform, directly or indirectly, any other act injurious orprejudicial to AIRSOPURE or the goodwill associated with the Licensed Marks andProducts.B. Employ or seek to employ any person who is at that time employed by AIRSOPUREor by another AIRSOPURE franchisee or induce such person to leave his or heremployment.C. Own, maintain, engage in, be employed by, advise, consult, assist, invest inor have any interest whatsoever in any business or entity which competes with oroffers products or services which are the same or similar to those of AIRSOPUREor the Franchise.16.03. You covenant and agree that You (or any shareholder if Your Franchise isa corporation) shall not, for a period of two years following termination ofthis Agreement for any reason, either directly or indirectly own, maintain,engage in, be employed by, advise, consult, assist, invest in or have anyinterest whatsoever in any business or entity which competes with or offersproducts or services which are the same or similar to those of AIRSOPURE or theFranchise within a radius of 25 miles of Your Exclusive Territory. In the eventa court of competent jurisdiction should hold this covenant to be unreasonableor overly broad, the Parties agree to reduce the scope of such covenant to themaximum restriction permitted by law, and You agree to be bound by such lessrestrictive terms of this covenant. If requested by AIRSOPURE, You agree toobtain and provide to AIRSOPURE executed covenants containing terms equivalentto those contained herein from any employee of Yours who has received trainingfrom AIRSOPURE, and, if Your Franchise is a corporation, from any director orshareholder of Your corporation.16.04. AIRSOPURE covenants and agrees that the restrictions set forth above inParagraphs 16.02.C and 16.03 shall not apply to ownership by You of less than a5% beneficial interest in the outstanding equity securities of any publiclytraded corporation, provided that You are not an employee, consultant ordirector of such corporation.16.05. You covenant and agree that its violation of any covenant containedherein would result in serious, immediate and irreparable injury to AIRSOPUREfor which no adequate remedy at law will be available, and You consent, inaddition to other remedies which may be available to AIRSOPURE, to the entrywithout opposition of an injunction prohibiting any conduct by You in violationof any covenant set forth herein.17. INDEMNIFICATION17.01. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold AIRSOPURE and its affiliates,directors, officers, employees and agents harmless from all claims, losses,lawsuits and expenses arising from or relating to the Franchise and Youroperation thereof, except for: (i) any claims of infringement 15from third Parties due to Your use of the Licensed Marks, provided that You haveused the said Licensed Marks as authorized by AIRSOPURE; and (ii) claimsalleging that Products sold or leased by You are defective.17.02. AIRSOPURE agrees to defend, indemnify and hold You harmless from allclaims, losses, lawsuits and expenses arising from or relating to: (i) anyclaims of infringement from third Parties due to Your use of the Licensed Marks,provided that You have used the Licensed Marks as authorized by AIRSOPURE; and(ii) claims alleging that Products sold or leased by You are defective.18. GENERAL PROVISIONS18.01. No failure of a Party to exercise any power reserved to it by thisAgreement or to insist upon strict compliance by the other Party with anyobligation or condition hereunder shall constitute a waiver of such Partysrights unless such waiver is in writing. Any waiver by either Party shall notconstitute a waiver thereafter to demand exact compliance with any of the termsherein. Waiver by a Party of any particular default by the other Party shall notaffect or impair such Partys rights with respect to any subsequent default ofthe same, similar or different nature; nor shall any delay, forbearance oromission of a Party to exercise any power or right arising out of any breach ordefault by the other Party of any of the terms, provisions, or covenantsthereof, affect or impair such Partys right to exercise the same.18.02. Unforeseen EventsDelays in the performance of any duties hereunder which are not the fault of andare beyond the ability of the Party to control, including without limitationfires, floods, natural disasters, acts of God, labor disputes, riots or othersimilar events, shall not constitute a default in the Partys performance ofthis Agreement, and the Parties agree to extend the time of performance for areasonable period of time to allow for such delays.18.03. The relationship between the Parties is that of independent contractors.No partnership, joint venture, employment or relationship of principal and agentis intended, and You may not commit or bind AIRSOPURE to any obligationwhatsoever.18.04. Any and all notices required or permitted under this Agreement shall bein writing and shall be delivered by any means which will provide evidence ofthe date received, to the respective Parties at the following addresses unlessand until a different address has been designated by written notice to the otherParty:Notices to AIRSOPURE:Airsopure International Group, Inc.15400 Knoll Trail, Suite 200Dallas, Texas 75248Attn: John Potter, PresidentNotices to You:- --------------------------------- --------------------------------- --------------------------------Any notice shall be deemed to have been given at the date and time it isreceived.18.05. This Agreement and the documents referred to herein constitute the entireAgreement between AIRSOPURE and You concerning the subject matter hereof, andsupersede all prior agreements, oral or written. No amendment, change orvariance from this Agreement shall be binding on either Party unless executed byboth Parties in writing.18.06. Except as expressly provided to the contrary herein, each provision ofthis Agreement shall be considered severable; and if, for any reason, anyprovision herein is determined to be invalid under any law or by a court havingvalid jurisdiction, such shall not impair the operation of, or have any othereffect upon, such other 16provisions of this Agreement, and the latter shall continue to be given fullforce and effect and bind the Parties hereto, and the invalid provision shall bedeemed not to be a part of this Agreement.18.07. This Agreement takes effect upon its acceptance and execution byAIRSOPURE in the State of Texas, and shall be interpreted and construed underthe laws of the State of Texas.18.08. The Parties agree that any action brought by either Party against theother in any court, whether federal or state, shall be brought within the Stateof Texas in the judicial district in which AIRSOPURE has its principal place ofbusiness and do hereby waive all questions of personal jurisdiction or venue forthe purpose of carrying out this provision.18.09. If either Party is required to resort to legal process to enforce anyprovision of this Agreement, the prevailing Party will recover all costs,including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred in such legal proceeding.18.10. You represent to AIRSOPURE that You have conducted an independentinvestigation of the business franchised hereunder and recognizes that thebusiness venture contemplated by this Agreement involves business risks, andthat its success will be largely dependent upon Your ability as an independentbusiness person. AIRSOPURE expressly disclaims the making of, and Youacknowledge that You have not received, any representation or guarantee, expressor implied, as to the potential volume, profits or success of the businessventure contemplated by this Agreement.18.11. You acknowledge that You received a completed copy of this Agreement, theattachments hereto, if any, and agreements relating thereto, if any, at least 5business days prior to the date on which this Agreement was executed. Youfurther acknowledge that You have received the Offering Circular, as required bythe Federal Trade Commission, at least 10 business days prior to the date onwhich this Agreement was executed.18.12. This Agreement contains various headings, but it is agreed that suchheadings are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning of theprovisions of this Agreement.18.13. You acknowledge that You have read and understood this Agreement, theattachments hereto, if any, and agreements relating thereto, if any, and thatAIRSOPURE has accorded You ample time and opportunity to consult with advisorsof Your own choosing about the potential benefits and risks of entering intothis Agreement.19. APPLICABLE LAW AND MEDIATIONA. THE PARTIES AGREE TO SUBMIT ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING OUT OFOR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT (AND ATTACHMENTS) OR THE RELATIONSHIP CREATED BYTHIS AGREEMENT TO NON-BINDING MEDIATION PRIOR TO BRINGING SUCH CLAIM,CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE IN A COURT. THE MEDIATION SHALL BE CONDUCTED THROUGHEITHER AN INDIVIDUAL MEDIATOR OR A MEDIATOR APPOINTED BY A MEDIATION SERVICESORGANIZATION OR BODY, EXPERIENCED IN THE MEDIATION OF DISPUTES IN THE AIRPURIFICATION SERVICE BUSINESS, AGREED UPON BY THE PARTIES AND, FAILING SUCHAGREEMENT WITHIN A REASONABLE PERIOD OF TIME AFTER EACH PARTY HAS NOTIFIED THEOTHER OF ITS DESIRE TO SEEK MEDIATION OF ANY CLAIM CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE (NOTTO EXCEED 15 DAYS), THROUGH THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION IN ACCORDANCETHE RULES GOVERNING MEDIATION, AT AIRSOPURE CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS IN DALLAS,TEXAS. THE COSTS AND EXPENSES OF MEDIATION, INCLUDING COMPENSATION AND EXPENSESOF THE MEDIATOR, SHALL BE BORNE BY THE PARTIES EQUALLY. IF THE PARTIES AREUNABLE TO RESOLVE THE CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE 90 DAYS 17AFTER THE MEDIATOR HAS BEEN APPOINTED, THEN EITHER PARTY MAY SUBMIT SUCH CLAIM,CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE TO A COURT IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 19.B. BELOWNOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, EITHER PARTY MAY BRING AN ACTION (1) FOR MONEYSOWED, (2) FOR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF, OR (3) INVOLVING THE POSSESSION OR DISPOSITIONOF, OR OTHER RELIEF RELATING TO, REAL PROPERTY IN A COURT HAVING JURISDICTIONAND IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 19.B. BELOW, WITHOUT SUBMITTING SUCH ACTION TOMEDIATION.B. WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSIES OR DISPUTES WHICH ARE NOT FINALLYRESOLVED THROUGH MEDIATION, YOU HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT YOURSELF TO THENONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE COURTS OF DALLAS COUNTY, TEXAS AND THEFEDERAL DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS, DALLAS DIVISION. YOUHEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREE THAT SERVICE OF PROCESS MAY BE MADE UPON YOU IN ANYEACH PROCEEDING RELATING TO OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIPCREATED BY THIS AGREEMENT BY ANY MEANS ALLOWED BY TEXAS OR FEDERAL LAW. VENUEFOR ANY SUCH LEGAL PROCEEDING SHALL BE DALLAS COUNTY, TEXAS; PROVIDED, HOWEVERWITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION (1) FOR MONEYS OWED, (2) FOR INJUNCTIVE OR OTHEREXTRAORDINARY RELIEF OR (3) INVOLVING POSSESSION OR DISPOSITION OF; OR OFFERRELIEF RELATING TO, REAL PROPERTY, AIRSOPURE MAY BRING SUCH ACTION IN ANY STATEOR FEDERAL DISTRICT COURT WHICH HAS JURISDICTION. YOU HEREBY WAIVE ALL QUESTIONSOF PERSONAL JURISDICTION FOR TITLE PURPOSE OF CARRYING OUT THIS PROVISION. WITHRESPECT TO ALL CLAIMS, CONTROVERSIES, DISPUTES OR ACTIONS, THIS AGREEMENT SHALLBE INTERPRETED AND CONSTRUED UNDER TEXAS LAW (EXCEPT FOR TEXAS CHOICE OF LAWRULES).C. YOU AND AIRSOPURE ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE PARTIES AGREEMENT REGARDINGAPPLICABLE STATE LAW AND FORUM SET FORTH IN SECTION 19.B. ABOVE PROVIDE EACH OFTHE PARTIES WITH THE MUTUAL BENEFIT OF UNIFORM INTERPRETATION OF THIS AGREEMENTAND ANY DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE PARTIES RELATIONSHIPCREATED BY THIS AGREEMENT, EACH OF YOU AND AIRSOPURE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THERECEIPT AND SUFFICIENCY OF MUTUAL CONSIDERATION FOR SUCH BENEFIT.D. YOU AND AIRSOPURE ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT OCCURREDIN DALLAS, TEXAS AND FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE PERFORMANCE OF CERTAINOBLIGATIONS OF YOU ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL OCCUR IN DALLAS, TEXAS.IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have duly executed, sealed, and deliveredthis Agreement on the day and year first above written.AIRSOPURE:By: ---------------------------------Title: ------------------------------YOU:By: ---------------------------------Title: ------------------------------ 18 EXHIBIT F PERSONAL GUARANTEEFor value received, and in consideration of the execution by AirsopureInternational Group, Inc. ("Airsopure") of a Franchise Agreement with- ----------------------------------------("Franchisee"), The undersigned- ----------------------------------------("Guarantor") hereby unconditionally guarantees to Airsopure all indebtedness,obligations and liabilities, direct or indirect, matured or immatured, primaryor secondary, certain or contingent, of Franchisee to Airsopure, now orhereafter owing or incurred. This Guarantee is an absolute, unconditional,unlimited and continuing guarantee of the full and punctual payment byFranchisee of the foregoing indebtedness, obligations and liabilities and not oftheir collectibility only. Upon any default by Franchisee in such full andpunctual payment, the liabilities and obligations of the Guarantor hereundershall, at Airsopures option, become forthwith due and payable without demand ornotice of any nature, all of which are expressly waived by the Guarantor.Airsopure may deal with Franchisee in such manner as Airsopure in its solediscretion deems fit, and Guarantor gives to Airsopure full authority, in itssole discretion, to do any or all of the following things: a) extend credit,make loans and afford other financial accommodations to Franchisee at suchtimes, in such amounts and on such terms as Airsopure may approve; b) vary theterms and grant extensions or renewals of any present or future indebtedness ofFranchisee to Airsopure; c) grant time, waivers and other indulgences in respectthereto; d) vary, exchange, release or discharge, wholly or partially, or delayin or abstain from perfecting and enforcing any security or guaranty or othermeans of obtaining payment; e) accept partial payments from Franchisee; f)release or discharge, wholly or partially, any endorser or guarantor; g)compromise or make any settlement or other arrangement with Franchisee.Guarantor waives notice of acceptance hereof or of any action taken or omittedby Airsopure in reliance hereon and any requirement that Airsopure be diligentor prompt in making demands hereunder, giving notice of any default byFranchisee or asserting any other right hereunder.No provision of this Guaranty can be changed, waived, discharged or terminatedexcept by an instrument in writing signed by Airsopure and Guarantor, and nosuch waiver shall extend to, affect or impair any other right of Airsopurehereunder.This Unlimited Guarantee shall inure to the benefit of Airsopure and itssuccessors and assigns, and shall be binding on the Guarantor and theGuarantors successors, heirs and assigns.EXECUTED on this ____ day of ____________, 2000.- ----------------------------------------GUARANTOR- ----------------------------------------WITNESS EXHIBIT G CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTThis Confidentiality and Noncompetition Agreement (the "Agreement") is made andentered into effective the _____day of ________________, 2000 by and betweenAirsopure International Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation, located at 15400Knoll Trail, Suite 200, Dallas, Texas 75248 (the "Company") and- -----------------------------------------------who resides at- ------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------------------ -----------------------------------------------(the "Associate"). RECITALSA. Company sells franchises for the operation of air purification systembusiness which operate under the name and service mark "Airsopure" (the"Franchises");B. Company has developed a business method for operating Franchises utilizingcertain Information, plans, methods, data, processes, marketing systems,techniques, operating procedures, trademarks, designs, information and know howof Company (the "Confidential Information"), and such Confidential Informationmay be further developed from time to time by Company:C. Company has established substantial goodwill and an excellent reputation withrespect to the quality of services available, which goodwill and reputation havebeen and will continue to be of Major benefit to Company;D. Associate is or will become involved with Company, or a franchise of Company,in the capacity of an officer, partner, director or as beneficial owner of anAirsopure Franchise or an employee of a Franchise, and will become privileged tocertain Confidential Information; andE. Associate and Company have reached an understanding with regard tonondisclosure by Associate of Confidential Information and Noncompetition byAssociate with CompanyNOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the mutual promises containedherein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency ofwhich hereby are acknowledged, Associate and Company, intending legally to bebound, hereby agree as follows:1. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. Associate and Company acknowledge that the businessplan and methods used in connection with the operation of the Franchise whichutilize Companys Confidential Information, are confidential, unique, constitutethe exclusive property of Company and are trade secrets of Company. Associateacknowledges that any disclosure of the Confidential Information would be wrongand would cause irreparable injury and harm to Company. Associate furtheracknowledges that Company has expended a great amount of effort and money inobtaining and developing the Confidential Information, the Company has takennumerous precautions to guard the secrecy of the Confidential Information andthat it would be very costly for competitors to acquire or duplicate theConfidential Information.2. OPERATIONS MANUAL AS TRADE SECRET It is understood that ConfidentialInformation, constituting "trade secret", as used in this Agreement is deemed toinclude, without initiation, any and all information contained in the FranchiseOperations Manual, which may be provided AS one or more separate manuals, orwritten instructional guides, as the same are changed or supplemented from timeto time, and any information of whatever nature which gives to Company anopportunity to obtain an advantage over its competitors who do not have accessto, know or use such lists, written materials or information.3. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. Associate shall not at any time, publish, disclose,divulge or in any manner communicate to any person, firm corporation,association. partnership or any other entity whatsoever or use, directly orindirectly, for its own benefit or for the benefit of any Person, firm,corporation or other entity, other than the use of Company, any of theConfidential Information of Company or its Affiliates.4. NO INTERFERENCE WITH BUSINESS. During the term of this Agreement, neitherAssociate nor any member of his or her immediate finally shall divert or attemptto divert: I) any business related to, or any customer or prospective customerof; the Franchise by direct inducement or otherwise, or 2) the employment ofCompany or another franchisee licensed by Company, 1to any Competitive Business by any direct inducement or otherwise.5. REMEDIES. Associate hereby acknowledges and agrees that in the event of anyviolations of this Agreement, Company shall be authorized and entitled, withoutposting a bond to obtain from any court of competent jurisdiction, preliminaryand permanent injunctive relief as well as an equitable accounting of allprofits or benefits arising out of any such violation, which rights and remediesshall be cumulative and in addition to any rights or remedies to which Companymay be entitled.6. EFFECT OF WAVIER. The waiver by Associate or company of a breach of anyprovision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of anysubsequent breach thereof7. BINDING EFFECT. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefitof Associate and Company and their respective heirs, executors, representativessuccessors and assigns.8. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This instrument contains the entire agreement of Associateand Company relating to the matters set forth here It may not be changed orally,but only by an agreement in writing, signed by the party against whomenforcement of any waiver, change modification, extension or discharge issought.9. GOVERNING LAW. This instrument shall be governed by and construed under thelaws of the State of Texas.10. JURISDICTION AND VENUE. In the event of a breach or threatened breach byAssociate of this Agreement, Associate hereby irrevocably submits to thejurisdiction of the State District Court in Dallas County, Texas and the FederalDistrict Court for the Northern District of Texas, and irrevocably agrees thatvenue for any action or proceeding shall be in Dallas County, Texas.Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the laws of the state where,Associate resides require that the jurisdiction or venue be elsewhere, then suchother states laws shall control. but only to the extent that such other stateslaws so require.11. SEVERABILITV. Should anyone or more of the provisions hereof be determinedto be illegal or unenforceable, all other provisions hereof shall be givenseparately therefrom and shall not be affected thereby.12. COST OF ENFORCEMENT. In any action at law or in equity to enforce any of theprovisions or rights under this Agreement, the unsuccessful party in suchlitigation as determined by the court in a final judgment or decree, shall paythe successful party or parties all costs, expenses and reasonable attorneysfees incurred therein by such arty or parties (including without Initiation suchas costs, expenses and fees on any appeals), plus, if applicable, interest atthe highest rate allowable by law, accruing from the date of the breach of thisAgreement. If such successful party shall recover judgement in any such actionor proceeding, such costs, expenses. attorneys fees and interest shall beincluded as part of such judgment.IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have signed this Agreement on the datefirst above written.FOR AIRSOPURE (COMPANY):- --------------------------------------------FOR FRANCHISEE OF AIRSOPURE:- --------------------------------------------ASSOCIATE OF FRANCHISEE:- --------------------------------------------ASSOCIATES WORK CAPACITY:- -------------------------------------------- 2