EXHIBIT 10(d) PROMOTION AGREEMENT ASHWORTH, INC., JAMES W. NANTZ III AND NANTZ COMMUNICATIONS, INC. THIS AGREEMENT is entered into by and among ASHWORTH, INC. (The "Company"or "Ashworth"), JAMES W. NANTZ III ("Nantz") and NANTZ COMMUNICATIONS, INC.("Nantz Communications"), effective as of June 1, 1998. WHEREAS, the Company desires to retain Nantz Communications and Nantz toprovide certain promotional and other services and Nantz Communications andNantz are willing to provide such services on the terms and conditions set forthherein; and WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to set forth in writing their agreementas to such promotion arrangement; NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained hereinand other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of whichare hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: DEFINITIONS As used herein, the terms set forth below shall be defined as follows: ENDORSEMENT shall include only the right to use the name, any nickname,initials, autograph, facsimile signature, photograph, portrait, likeness, and/orendorsement of Nantz. ASHWORTH APPAREL shall mean all ASHWORTH(R) brand sportswear apparelcontained in the Companys present and future collections (during the Term (asdefined below)). ASHWORTH PRODUCTS shall mean, collectively, Ashworth Apparel and Ashworthhats and shoes. DISABILITY shall mean mental or physical illness or condition renderingNantz incapable of fulfilling the services to be provided by him under thisAgreement for a continuous period of at least 60 days. PREMIUM PROGRAM shall mean any traffic builder or other program involvingthe use of a premium to sell products or services other than Ashworth productsand shall include any program primarily designed to attract the consumer topurchase a product or service other than Ashworth Products themselves. CONTRACT YEAR shall mean a period of twelve (12) successive monthscommencing on any first day of June during the Term. Ashworth/NantzPromotion Agreement- ------------------- TERM OF RELATIONSHIP 1. GRANT AND ACCEPTANCE. The Company hereby retains Nantz Communications and Nantz to provide the below described services (the "Services") and Nantz Communications and Nantz agree to provide the Services upon the terms and conditions herein set forth.2. TERM. Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall commence effective June 1, 1998, and shall continue for a term of three (3) years expiring May 31, 2001 (the "Term"). SERVICES Nantz Communications and Nantz shall furnish the following Services:1. ENDORSEMENT. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Nantz Communications grants to the Company the Endorsement throughout the world during the Term in connection with the advertisement, promotion and sale by the Company of Ashworth Products except in connection with Premium Programs.2. ASHWORTH APPAREL AND PRODUCTS. Subject to any restrictions, contractual or otherwise, on Nantz Communications or Nantz (collectively, the "Restrictions"), Nantz shall wear Ashworth Products, when possible and as reasonably appropriate, while broadcasting all professional sports tournaments and other professional sports outings, and during any professional sports clinics or instructions given by Nantz Communications or Nantz; provided that the Company has provided Nantz, at no charge, with sufficient amounts of Ashworth Products in styles and sizes Nantz finds suitable and appropriate for his use, subject to the restriction under Paragraph 4 of Section COMPENSATION AND CONSULTING FEES.3. LOGOS. Except as otherwise provided herein, and subject to the Restrictions, Nantz Communications agrees that such Products may prominently bear the Companys logo and shall not bear any other logos.4. PHOTOGRAPHY, SPEAKING AND STORE APPEARANCES. Nantz agrees to be available for up to four photography sessions (2 in Southern California during the week and 2 to be at Nantzs site locations or tournaments), two speaking engagements, and three store appearances each Contract Year, at times and places mutually convenient for Nantz and the Company but in no event at times which adversely impact on the schedules of Nantz Communications or Nantz. Nantz Communications shall have the right to review and reject in good faith the use of any advertising, promotion or other programs and materials which include Nantz or his image. No use shall be made of any such programs or materials hereunder unless and until the same has been approved by Nantz Ashworth/NantzPromotion Agreement- ------------------- Communications. The Company agrees that each photography session shall not exceed one and one-half days and each speaking engagement and store appearance shall not exceed one-half day. The Company further understands that failure to utilize services of Nantz pursuant to this section shall not result in any reduction in payments to Nantz Communications hereunder, nor may the obligations to provide Services be carried forward from one Contract Year to another Contract year. The obligations of Nantz Communications and Nantz to provide the Services hereunder are subject to the condition that payments to Nantz Communications are current and up to date.5. NEW ACCOUNTS, CELEBRITIES. Nantz agrees to assist Ashworth in locating potential new accounts based on his professional contacts, assist Ashworth in gaining access to celebrities and CBS executives which Ashworth could provide clothes for special events and also assist in gaining access to non-golf professionals who potentially would wear Ashworth clothes.6. SPECIAL EVENTS. Nantz will assist Ashworth in creating, promoting and participating in an event (i.e., golf tournament, cocktail reception, etc.) ---- to be associated with a major sporting event (i.e., PGA Championship, ---- Masters, etc.).7. EMPLOYEE STATUS. Nantz will be a full time Ashworth employee rather than an independent contractor.8. BOARD OF DIRECTORS. Nantz agrees to be nominated, elected to and serve on the Board of Directors of Company in the capacity of voting director.9. OTHER OBLIGATIONS. The Company acknowledges that Nantz Communications and Nantzs obligations to CBS or any other television station or network with which Nantz Communications or Nantz has a contract or arrangement shall take precedence over any other commitments of Nantz Communications or Nantz under this Agreement. INDEMNIFICATION Neither Nantz Communications nor Nantz shall be liable for any obligationsof the Company resulting directly or indirectly from the Endorsement of AshworthProducts. The Company shall protect, indemnify and hold harmless each of NantzCommunications and Nantz against any and all expenses, damages, claims, suits,actions, judgments and costs whatsoever, arising out of, or in any way connectedwith such Endorsement, in any advertising or promotional materials furnished byor on behalf of the Company, actions or omissions of the Company or any claim oraction for personal injury, death or other cause of action involving allegeddefects in Ashworth Products, including but not limited to indemnification ofreasonable legal expenses incurred in defense of all such claims. Further,Nantz Communications or Nantz shall have the Ashworth/NantzPromotion Agreement- -------------------right to select legal counsel to represent it or him in the event of any suchclaims or legal proceedings, and the costs of such legal representation shall bepaid by the Company. INSURANCE The Company agrees to provide and maintain, at its own expense, advertisingand product liability insurance each with limits no less than 5,000,000 andwithin thirty (30) days from the date hereof, the Company will submit to NantzCommunications a fully paid policy or certificate of insurance naming NantzCommunications and Nantz as insured parties, requiring that the insurer shallnot terminate or materially modify such without written notice to NantzCommunications at least twenty (20) days in advance thereof. The Company further agrees to provide and maintain, at its own expense, apolicy of Directors and Officers Insurance with limits no less than25,000,000 and within thirty (30) days from the date hereof, the Company willsubmit to Nantz Communications a fully paid policy or certificate of insurancenaming Nantz as an insured party, requiring that the insurer shall not terminateor materially modify such without written notice to Nantz Communications atleast twenty (20) days in advance hereof. COMPENSATION AND CONSULTING FEES As full compensation for Services, the Company shall pay NantzCommunications the following fees:10. CONSULTING FEE. The Company shall pay Nantz Communications an annual consulting fee of 30,000, such fee to be paid in equal quarterly installments of 7,500 on the 1st day of each June, September, December and March of each Contract year.11. ADDITIONAL FEES. If Nantz agrees to participate in more than three store appearances in any given Contract Year, the Company shall pay Nantz Communications an additional fee of 7,500 for such additional appearance prior to or simultaneously with such appearances.12. REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES. The Company shall reimburse Nantz Communications for expenses reasonably incurred by Nantz or Nantz Communications in connection with the Services to the Company including, but not limited to, first-class air fare, hotel accommodations, local transportation and meals. Nantz Communications shall furnish the Company with an itemized statement from time to time, together with, whenever possible, actual bills, receipts, and other evidence of expenditure. Nantz Communications shall be reimbursed within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of such itemized statements and attachments. Ashworth/NantzPromotion Agreement- ------------------- As full compensation for Services, the Company shall provide and issue toNantz the following:13. APPAREL. The Company shall furnish Nantz, at no cost, with sufficient Ashworth Products to be used by him in connection with the Services and for the personal use of Nantz and his immediate family. The cost of said Product shall not exceed 12,000 (at wholesale) during any single Contract Year.14. STOCK OPTIONS. a) As consideration for the rights granted and the services to be rendered hereunder, the Company hereby grants to Nantz options (the "Options"), to purchase shares of the common stock of the Company par value .001 per share (the "Share"), which are exercisable as follows:15. The first Option to purchase 40,000 Shares upon payment of the aggregate Option Share Price (as defined below) for the number of Shares so purchased shall become exercisable on June 1, 1999, unless this Agreement is terminated as provided herein prior to such date, in which case this Option shall be canceled. Once exercisable, this Option may be exercised in full or in any number of partial exercises or in combination with the full or partial exercise of any other Option for a period terminating upon the earlier to occur of (A) the fifth anniversary of the initial exercisability date or (B) the date of termination of this Agreement, as provided herein, if this Agreement is terminated prior to May 30, 2001.16. The second Option to purchase up to an additional 40,000 shares upon payment of the aggregate Option Share Price for the number of Shares so purchased shall become exercisable on June 1, 2000, unless this Agreement is terminated as provided herein prior to such date, in which case this Option shall be canceled. Once exercisable, this Option may be exercised in full or in any number of partial exercises or in combination with the full or partial exercise of any other Option for a period terminating upon the earlier to occur of (A) the fifth anniversary of the initial exercisability date or (B) the date of termination of this Agreement, as provided herein, if this Agreement is terminated prior to May 30, 2001;17. The third Option to purchase up to an additional 40,000 shares upon payment of the aggregate Option Share Price for the number of Shares so purchased shall become exercisable on June 1, 2001, unless this Agreement is terminated as provided herein prior to such date, in which case this Option shall be canceled. Once exercisable, this Option may be exercised in full or in any number of partial exercises or in combination with the full or partial exercise of any other Option for a period terminating upon the earlier to occur of (A) the fifth anniversary of the initial exercisability date or (B) the date of termination of this Agreement, as provided herein, if this Agreement is terminated prior to May 30, 2001; The "Option Share Price" shall initially be 6 per Share as approved by theCompensation Committee at its regular meeting held on December 15, 1998. Ashworth/NantzPromotion Agreement- ------------------- b) The Options being granted hereunder are being granted under and subjectto the terms and conditions of the Ashworth, Inc. Amended and Restated IncentiveStock Option Plan, dated November 1, 1996, ("Amended Plan") and all Sharesissued upon the exercise of any Option shall be registered under the SecuritiesAct of 1933, as amended. EXCLUSIVITY During the Term, neither Nantz Communications nor Nantz shall enter intoany activity, employment, independent contract, or other business arrangementwhich conflicts with Nantz Communications or Nantzs obligations under thisAgreement or perform any service which reasonably appears to be an endorsementof the sportswear apparel, hats and shoes of a third party without the Companysprior written approval. Nantz Communications and Nantz expressly agree that theEndorsement will not be granted to anyone other than the Company for use duringthe Term in connection with the advertisement and promotion of sportswearapparel, hats and shoes. Notwithstanding the foregoing Nantz shall be permittedto wear a Lynx hat or clothing logo when performing promotional services forLynx and to use Lynx equipment when performing any promotional services for theCompany in which equipment will be used. TERMINATION This Agreement may be terminated by any party in the followingcircumstances:18. Upon mutual consent of the Company, on the one hand, and Nantz Communications and Nantz, on the other hand;19. Nantzs Disability or death, in which event the Agreement shall terminate on the May 1 following such Disability or death;20. Repeated misconduct of Nantz which subjects Nantz to continued public ridicule causing a substantial loss of Nantzs positive public image;21. Nantzs conviction or plea of guilty or no contest to a felony involving moral turpitude;22. A finding of insolvency or bankruptcy against the other party (which, in the case of a desired termination by the Company, shall mean Nantz Communications or Nantz); and23. Failure to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement after being given notice thereof and, where applicable, a reasonable opportunity to cure the failure (which shall be 10 days in the event of a failure to timely make a payment pursuant hereto; 30 days otherwise). In order to be a sufficient notice hereunder, any such written notice shall specify in detail each item of default, and shall specify in detail the action the defaulting party is required to take in order to cure each item. Ashworth/NantzPromotion Agreement- -------------------Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence of repeated intentionalfailures to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, which havebeen noticed in accordance with the terms hereof (regardless of whether suchfailures have been cured), the non-defaulting party may immediately terminatethis Agreement upon written notice to the defaulting party without affording afurther opportunity to cure.Should Nantz Communications or Nantz disagree with the Company as to theexistence of a condition affording the Company the right to so terminate thisAgreement, Nantz Communications or Nantz shall, within thirty (30) daysfollowing the receipt of any such notice of termination, submit the matter toarbitration pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.The termination rights set forth in this section shall not constitute theexclusive remedy of the non-defaulting party hereunder, however, and if adefault is made by either party hereunder, the other may resort to such otherremedies as said party would have been entitled to if this section had beenomitted from this Agreement. Termination under the provisions of this sectionshall be without prejudice to any rights or claims which the terminating partymay otherwise have against the defaulting party.From and after the termination of the Term all of the rights of the Company tothe use of the Endorsement shall cease absolutely and the Company shall notthereafter use or refer to the Endorsement in advertising or promotion in anymanner whatsoever. The Company shall not advertise, promote, distribute or sellany item whatsoever in connection with the use of any name, figure, design,logo, trademark or trade name confusingly similar to or suggestive of theEndorsement following the termination of the Term. ASSIGNMENT This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties heretoand their respective successors and permitted assigns. Nantz Communications andNantz acknowledge that the Services to be rendered by Nantz Communications andNantz are unique and personal. Accordingly, except as otherwise expresslyprovided below, neither Nantz Communications nor Nantz shall assign any of theirrespective rights or delegate any of their respective duties or obligationsunder this Agreement without the written consent of the Company. Nothing hereinshall prevent Nantz Communications from assigning the monetary benefits of thisAgreement as it may so desire. Further, inasmuch as it is recognized that NantzCommunications is the representative of Nantz, Nantz Communications may at anytime assign this Agreement to Nantz and, in such event, Nantz Communicationsshall have no further obligation or liability in connection herewith and NantzCommunications position vis-a-vis the Company in connection herewith shall bein all respects the same as if Nantz Communications had signed this Agreement asagent rather than as a principal from the beginning. The rights granted theCompany hereunder shall be used only by it and shall not, without the priorwritten consent of Nantz Communications or Nantz, be transferred or assigned toany other. In the event of the merger or consolidation of the Company with anyother entity, Nantz Communications shall have the right to terminate theAgreement by so notifying the Company in writing on or before sixty (60) days Ashworth/NantzPromotion Agreement- -------------------after Nantz Communications has received notice of such merger or consolidationif and only if, by virtue of such merger or consolidation Nantz Communicationsor Nantz would be in default under or violating any provisions of any agreementto which he or it is subject entered into prior to June 1, 1994. ARBITRATION Unless otherwise mutually agreed to in writing by the Company, NantzCommunications and Nantz, any controversy or claim arising out of or related tothis Agreement, or the breach thereof, shall be settled by arbitration inaccordance with the Rules of the American Arbitration Association or anysuccessor. Each of the Company, on the one hand, and Nantz Communications andNantz, on the other hand, shall select one arbitrator and the two so selectedshall select a third. Failing the selection of an arbitrator by either party orby the two so selected, the claim or controversy shall be settled by theAmerican Arbitration Association upon the application of either party. Judgmentupon any award of a majority of the arbitrators filed in a court of competentjurisdiction shall be binding. MISCELLANEOUS 24. NOTICES. Any and all notices required pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed given if in writing and delivered in person, sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, or set by telefax at or to the addresses and telefax numbers set forth below or such other addresses and telefax numbers as the parties may direct by notice given as herein provided: Ashworth, Inc. Attention: President and Chief Executive Officer 2791 Loker Avenue West Carlsbad, California 92008 Telephone: (619) 438-6610 Telefax: (619) 438-9107 James W. Nantz III Nantz Communications, Inc. c/o International Merchandising Corporation 22 East 71st Street New York, New York 10021 Attention: Barry Frank Telephone: (212) 774-8900 Telefax: (212) 772-2617 Ashworth/NantzPromotion Agreement- -------------------25. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement and its formation, operation and performance shall be governed, construed, performed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California.26. JURISDICTION AND VENUE. For the purposes of any dispute arising hereunder, jurisdiction and venue shall lie in the appropriate court in California.27. ATTORNEY FEES AND EXPENSES. In any legal action or alternative dispute resolution instituted to interpret or enforce the terms and/or conditions of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorney fees and expenses.28. WAIVER. A waiver by either party of any provision of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any other portion of this Agreement. Failure to require performance of any provision of this Agreement shall not be deemed a continuing waiver of that provision or any other provision of this Agreement.29. SEVERABILITY. In the event that any provision or any portion of any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall remain valid, enforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall remain valid, enforceable, and in effect.30. CAPTION REFERENCES. All items headings and captions are for reference purposes only and do not in any way modify or limit the provisions set forth thereunder.31. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement contains the entire understandings and agreement of the parties and supersedes any prior understandings and/or agreement of the parties. This Agreement may not be modified or amended without the written consent of all parties hereto. [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] Ashworth/NantzPromotion Agreement- ------------------- IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on thedate indicated below, effective the date first above mentioned. THE COMPANY: ASHWORTH, INC. a Delaware corporationDate: December 16, 1998 By: /s/ RANDALL L. HERRAL, SR. ------------------------------ Randall L. Herrel, Sr. President Chief Executive Officer NANTZ COMMUNICATIONS, INC.Date: December 16, 1998 By: /s/ JAMES W. NANTZ III -------------------------- James W. Nantz III PresidentDate: December 16, 1998 /s/ JAMES W. NANTZ III -------------------------- James W. Nantz III