Exhibit 10.27 e-business Hosting Agreement between Bluefly, Inc. and International Business Machines Corporation 1 e-business Hosting AgreementUnder this e-business Hosting Agreement ("Agreement") between InternationalBusiness Machines Corporation ("IBM") and Bluefly, Inc. ("Customer"), IBM willprovide Web hosting and related services ("Services") to Customer. The Agreementincludes these terms and conditions and the documents referenced herein ("BaseTerms"), e-business hosting services order forms accepted by IBM ("OrderForms"), and the following attachments:a. Attachment A: Facilities Services;b. Service Option Attachment for Facilities Services; andc. all other applicable attachments referenced in the Order Forms for Services options selected by Customer ("Service Option Attachments").In the event of a conflict between the Base Terms and an attachment, the BaseTerms will govern, except where an attachment or a provision contained thereinexpressly states that it will govern over the Base Terms. The Base Terms and theattachments always govern over any inconsistent provision in an Order Form.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------1.0 Definitionsa. "Acceptable Use Policy" means the Acceptable Use Policy for IBM e-business Services, located on the Internet at http://www.ibm.com/services/ e-business/aup.html, as of the Effective Date, and any subsequent modification in accordance with Section 13.2 below.b. "Affiliates" means entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with a party to this Agreement.c. "Base Components" means the hardware and software that IBM makes available, if any, as specified in Order Forms and associated Service Option Attachments.d. "Content" means information, software, and data that Customer provides, including, without limitation, any hypertext markup language files, scripts, programs, recordings, sound, music, graphics, images, applets or servlets that Customer or its Subcontractors or Services Recipients create, install, upload or transfer in or through the e-business Hosting Environment and/or Customer Components.e. "Content Administrator" means an employee or Subcontractor of Customer who is authorized by Customer to install, upload and/or maintain Content using a User Identification.f. "Customer Components" means the hardware, software and other products, data and Content that Customer provides, including those specified in Service Option Attachments.g. "e-business Hosting Environment" means the Base Components and the IBM provided Internet access bandwidth, collectively.h. "Enterprise" means any legal entity and the subsidiaries it owns by more than 50 percent. The term "Enterprise" applies only to the portion of the Enterprise physically located within the United States of America.i. "IBM e-business Hosting Center" means the facility used by IBM to provide the Services.j. "Internet" means the public worldwide network of TCP/IP-based networks.k. "Materials" means literary or other works of authorship (such as programs, program listings, programming tools, documentation, reports, drawings and similar works) that IBM may deliver to Customer. "Materials" does not include licensed program products available under their own license agreements or Base Components.l. "Required Consents" means any consents or approvals required to give IBM and its Subcontractors the right or license to access, use and/or modify in electronic form and in other forms, including derivative works, the Customer Components, without infringing the ownership or intellectual property rights of the providers, licensors, or owners of such Customer Components.m. "Service Option Ready Date" means the date that IBM has notified Customer that IBM has completed the implementation activities 2 specified in an applicable Service Option Attachment.n. "Services Recipients" means any entities or individuals receiving or using the Services, or the results or products of the Services.o. "Service Option Attachment Start Date" means the day after the date of the last signature on an Order Form authorizing the Services under an applicable Service Option Attachment.p. "Subcontractor" means a contractor, vendor, agent, or consultant selected and retained by IBM or Customer, respectively.q. "TCP/IP" means Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol.r. "User Identification" or "ID" means a string of characters that uniquely identifies a Content Administrator.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------2.0 IBM Services ResponsibilitiesIBM will perform the Services described in Attachment A and applicable ServiceOption Attachments.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------3.0 Term and Termination3.1 TermThis Agreement will be effective beginning on 12:01 a.m., Eastern Time, on theday after the date of last signature to these Base Terms ("Effective Date") andending on the expiration and/or termination of all Service Option Attachments,unless the Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.The term of each Service Option Attachment is as specified on the applicableOrder Form.3.2 RenewalEach Service Option Attachment will renew automatically for an additional termequal in duration to the previous term of the applicable Service OptionAttachment unless either party notifies the other party in writing at leastninety (90) days prior to the end of the then-current term for the applicableService Option Attachment that it has elected to terminate such Service OptionAttachment.3.3 Termination for CauseCustomer or IBM may terminate this Agreement for material breach of thisAgreement by the other upon written notice containing the specific nature anddates of the material breach. The breaching party will have thirty (30) daysfrom receipt of notice to cure such breach, except for nonpayment by Customer,which must be cured within seven (7) business days from receipt of notice. Ifsuch breach has not been timely cured, then the non-breaching party mayimmediately terminate this Agreement upon written notice; provided, however, itis understood that in the event IBM has so breached this Agreement IBM shall notbe entitled to recover the early termination charges described in Section 3.4(b)below.3.4 Termination for ConvenienceCustomer may terminate this Agreement (including all Service Option Attachments)or any Service Option Attachment (with the exception of any Service OptionAttachment that is a prerequisite for the provision of Services under anon-terminated Service Option Attachment) for convenience at the end of anycalendar month by:a. providing at least one months prior written notice to IBM; andb. paying the applicable early termination charges, if any, specified in Attachment A and applicable Service Option Attachments.In the event that Customer exercises its rights under this Section 3.4, IBMshall continue to fulfill all of its duties and obligations following the noticedate and until the final termination date.3.5 Effect ofsbsp;TerminationUpon the date of termination, all Customer payment obligations accrued hereunderthrough the date of termination will become due and payable. The termination ofselected Service Option Attachments will not affect Customers obligation to paycharges under other Service Option Attachments.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------4.0 Charges and Payment4.1 ChargesCharges for applicable Services will be specified in Service Option Attachmentsand Order Forms. Charges can be specified as one-time, installment, recurring,or usage. IBM will invoice such Charges when they begin or are due as set forthin Service Option Attachments.4.2 PaymentIBM invoices will specify the amount due. Payment is due upon receipt andpayable as specified in such invoice. Customer agrees to pay accordingly,including any late payment fees. Payment will be made in United States dollars.4.3 Taxes 3Customer will pay or provide appropriate exemption documentation for all taxes,duties, levies, and any other fees (except for taxes based upon IBMs netincome) related to the Services imposed by any governmental authorities. Chargesspecified herein (including in an Order Form) are exclusive of any such taxes,duties, levies or fees.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------5.0 Warranties and Disclaimers5.1 IBM Representations and WarrantiesIBM represents and warrants that:a. it will perform the Services using reasonable care and skill and in accordance with the applicable Service Option Attachments (which means the degree of knowledge, skill and judgment customarily exercised by members of the applicable profession with respect to work of a similar nature); and that it will provide Customer with competent, fully trained, fully qualified and responsible personnel to perform the Services; andb. it has the requisite corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement.IBM covenants that it will comply with the laws applicable to IBMs business.5.2 Exclusivity of WarrantiesTHE WARRANTIES IN SECTION 5.1 ARE THE EXCLUSIVE WARRANTIES FROM IBM. THEYREPLACE ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIEDWARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, AND FITNESS FOR APARTICULAR PURPOSE.5.3 Securitya. Customer acknowledges that IBM does not control the transfer of data over telecommunications facilities, including the Internet.b. Subject to the other disclaimers contained herein, IBM will implement the security features specified herein, including the IBM perform security obligations identified in Section 8.0 of the Facilities Services Service Option Attachment. However, IBM does not warrant secure operation of the Services or that it will be able to prevent third party disruptions of the e-business Hosting Environment or Customer Components.c. Customer acknowledges that IBM offers numerous security options, specified in Service Option Attachments. Customer is responsible for selecting on Order Forms the set of security options that it determines meet Customers needs.d. Customer agrees that IBM shall have no liability for any provision of security-related services or advice that IBM may voluntarily provide outside the scope of selected Service Option Attachments.5.4 Other Disclaimersa. IBM does not warrant uninterrupted or error-free operation of any Service or that IBM will correct all defects. openb. IBM does not make any representation or warranty as to the capacity, performance or scalability of the Services, e-business Hosting Environment, or Customer Components.c. IBM PROVIDES ALL MATERIALS AND ALL NON-IBM SERVICES, PRODUCTS, DATA, APPARATUS AND SOFTWARE "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, AND FITNESS FORsbsp;A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Non-IBM suppliers may provide their own warranties to you.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------6.0 ConfidentialityAll information exchanged between the parties is non-confidential; provided,however if either or both parties require the exchange of confidentialinformation, such information will be exchanged under the terms and conditionsof the Agreement for Exchange of Confidential Information executed by IBM onAugust 3, 2001 (the "AECI") (it being further agreed as follows: (a) the AECI ishereby modified so that any information that is disclosed by a party hereto thata reasonable person would construe, based upon the nature of the information andthe circumstances surrounding the disclosure, as intended to be confidentialshalll be deemed to be confidential Information under the AECI and shall beaccorded all protections of the AECI and (b) after the date hereof the partieshereto shall enter into a modification of the AECI whereby the provisions of (a)immediately above are documented and (c) the parties shall also amend the AECIso as to reflect the following agreement: in the event that a breach orthreatened breach of a partys obligations hereunder shall cause irreparableharm wherein a remedy at law would 4prove inadequate, the aggrieved party shall have the right to seek and obtain aninjunction so as to prevent any further disclosure of the confidentialInformation. With respect to any confidential information contained in ortraveling through the e-business Hosting Environment or Customer Components, theprovisions of Sections 5, 9, and 10 herein will prevail to the extent of anyinconsistent provisions in the confidentiality agreement.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------7.0 Materialsa. IBM will specify Materials to be delivered to Customer. IBM will identify them as being "Type I Materials," "Type II Materials," or otherwise as Customer and IBM agree in writing. If not specified, Materials will be considered Type II Materials.b. Type I Materials are those, created during the Service performance period, in which Customer will have all right, title, and interest (including ownership of copyright). IBM will retain one copy of the Materials. Customer grants to IBM: 1. an irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide, paid-up license to use, execute, reproduce, display, perform, distribute (internally and externally) copies of, and prepare derivative works based on Type I Materials; and 2. the right to authorize others to do any of the same.c. Type II Materials are those, created during the Service performance period or otherwise (such as those that preexist the Service), in which IBM or third parties have all right, title, and interest (including ownership of copyright). IBM will deliver one copy of the specified Materials to Customer. IBM grants Customer an irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide, paid-up license to use, execute, reproduce, display, perform, and distribute, within Customers Enterprise only, copies of Type II Materials.d. The parties agree to reproduce the copyright notice and any other legend of ownership on any copies made under the licenses granted in this Section 7.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------8.0 Indemnification8.1 Indemnification by IBMIf a third party claims or threatens a claim that Materials or Base ComponentsIBM provides to Customer or uses in connection with the performance of theServices infringe that partys patent, trademark, copyright, or trade secret,then IBM will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Customer, its Enterpriseand their respective employees, officers, agents and directors against thatclaim or threatened claim at IBMs expense and pay all costs, damages, penaltiesand reasonable attorneys fees that a court finally awards in connection withthat claim (or which IBMsbsp;agrees in any final settlement) provided that Customer:a. promptly notifies IBM in writing of the claim; andb. allows IBM to control, and cooperates with IBM in, the defense and any related settlement negotiations (it being understood and agreed that if Customer incurs any costs in connection with such cooperation, over and above nominal costs, IBM shall reimburse Customer therefor, such costs to potentially include, without limitation, the costs incurred by Customer in connection with depositions, responses to interrogatories, or testimony at trial or any similar proceeding, and travel costs in connection therewith; provided, however, such obligation of IBM as set forth in this parenthetical is conditioned upon Customer first obtaining IBMs consent to the incurring of such costs, such consent to be reasonably granted). If such a claim is made or appears likely to be made, Customer agrees to permit IBM to enable Customer to continue to use the Materials or Base Components, or to modify them, or replace them with non-infringing Materials or Base Components that are at least functionally equivalent. If IBM determines that none of these alternatives is reasonably available, Customer agrees to return the Materials or Base Components (if in Customers possession) to IBM on IBMs written request. IBM will give Customer a credit equal to the amount Customer paid IBM for the applicable Materials or for use of the applicable Base Components up to a maximum of twelve (12) months of applicable charges. This is IBMs entire obligation to Customer with regard to any claim of infringement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, IBM is not responsible for third party claims based on: 1. anything Customer provides which is incorporated into the Materials; 2. Customers modification of the Materials; 5 3. the combination, operation, or use of the Materials with any product, data, or apparatus that IBM did not provide; or 4. non-IBM hardware, software, or data, including those that may be in the Base Components.8.2 Indemnification by Customera. Customer will defend IBM and its Enterprise and their employees, officers, and directors against any third party claim (and pay all damages that a court of competent jurisdiction awards, or which Customer agrees in any final settlement to such third party and any reasonable attorneys fees and expenses of defense incurred by IBM): 1. that Content or Customers use of the Services violates Customers obligation in Section 11.2(b); 2. that Customer Components infringe that partys patent or copyright; 3. that is brought by a Services Recipient and is related, directly or indirectly, to the Services; or 4. arising out of or related to a mechanics lien Customer is required to cancel and discharge pursuant to this Agreement.b. For indemnification under this Section 8.2, IBM will: 1. promptly notify Customer in writing of the claim; and 2. allow Customer to control, and will cooperate with Customer in, the defense and any related settlement negotiations.c. Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary contained herein, Customer shall be relieved of its indemnification duty or obligation to the extent that IBMs bad faith, willful misconduct or gross negligence. breach of its contractual obligations hereunder is a cause of the damages suffered by the Services Recipient.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------9.0 Limitation of Liability9.1 IBMs Limitation of LiabilityCircumstances may arise where, because of a default on IBMs part or otherliability, Customer is entitled to recover damages from IBM. Regardless of thebasis on which Customer is entitled to claim damages from IBM (includingfundamental breach, negligence, misrepresentation, or other contract or tortclaim), IBM is liable for no more than:a. indemnification payments as provided in Section 8.1;b. damages for bodily injury (including death) and damage to real property and tangible personal property; andc. the amount of any other actual direct damages, up to the greater of 100,000 or the charges paid by Customer to IBM for the Services in the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the accrual of the first claim related to the Services. The foregoing limit also applies to any of IBMs Affiliates and Subcontractors. It is the cumulative maximum for which IBM and its Affiliates and Subcontractors are collectively responsible. Under no circumstances is IBM, its Affiliates or its Subcontractors liable for any of the following: 1. third party claims against Customer for damages (other than those expressly provided in Subsections 9.1(a) and 9.1(b)); or 2. loss of, or damage to, Customers or any other entitys records or data.9.2 Customers Limitation of LiabilityCircumstances may arise where, because of a default on Customers part or otherliability, IBM is entitled to recover damages from Customer. Regardless of thebasis on which IBM is entitled to claim damages from Customer (includingfundamental breach, negligence, misrepresentation, or other contract or tortclaim), Customer is liable for no more than:a. Indemnification payments as provided in Section 8.2;b. damages for bodily injury (including death) and damage to real property and tangible personal property; and(c) the amount of any other actual direct damages, up to the greater of 100,000or the charges paid by Customer to IBM for the Services in the twelve (12)months immediately preceding the accrual of the first claim related to theServices. The foregoing limit also applies to any of Customers Affiliates. Itis the cumulative maximum for which Customer and its Affiliates are collectivelyresponsible. Under no circumstances is Customer or its Affiliates liable for anythird party claims against IBM for damages (other than those 6expressly provided in Subsections 9.2(a) and 9.2(b)).--------------------------------------------------------------------------------10.0 Disclaimer of Consequential Damagesa. In no event will either party be liable to the other for special, incidental, or indirect damages or for any consequential damages (including lost profits or savings), even if they are informed of the possibility; provided that this Section 10 does not apply to Customers failure to pay any amounts owing to IBM under this Agreement (including amounts owing for Services that would have been rendered but for Customers breach of this Agreement).--------------------------------------------------------------------------------11.0 Other Customer Obligations11.1 Services SupportCustomer will comply with its responsibilities to support the Services asspecified in Attachment A and in applicable Service Option Attachments. Suchobligations are to be performed at no charge to IBM. IBMs obligations arecontingent on Customer meeting such support obligations.11.2 Representations and WarrantiesCustomer represents and warrants that:a. it has the requisite corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement; Customer has no contractual or other obligation that (i) restricts or prohibits Customers execution or performance of this Agreement, or (ii) Customer will breach in connection with the execution or performance of this Agreement; andb. its use of the Services and all Content will comply with the Acceptable Use Policy.11.3 Suspected ViolationsIBM reserves the right to investigate potential violations of therepresentations and warranties in Subsection 11.2(b). If IBM reasonablydetermines that a breach of any such warranty has occurred, then IBM may, in itssole and reasonable discretion:a. restrict Customers access to the Services;b. remove or require removal of any offending Content;c. terminate this Agreement for cause; and/ord. exercise other rights and remedies, at law or in equity.Except in an emergency or as may otherwise be required by law, beforeundertaking the activities in Subsection 11.3(a) or 11.3(b), IBM will attempt tonotify Customer by any reasonably practical means under the circumstances, suchas, without limitation, by telephone or e-mail.Customer will promptly notify IBM of any event or circumstance related to thisAgreement, Customers use of the Services, or Content of which Customer becomesaware that could lead to a claim or demand against IBM, and Customer willprovide all relevant information relating to such event or circumstance to IBMat IBMs request.11.4 Required ConsentsCustomer will promptly obtain and upon request provide to IBM evidence of suchRequired Consents necessary for IBM to provide the Services. IBM will berelieved of its obligations to the extent that they are affected by Customersfailure to obtain and provide promptly to IBM any Required Consents.11.5 Capacity PlanningCustomer is responsible for determining whether the Base Components, IBMprovided Internet access bandwidth, Customer Components and their combinationwill meet Customers capacity or performance needs. Customer is responsible forplanning for and requesting changes to the Base Components or IBM providedInternet access bandwidth, as determined by Customer, including any additionalcapacity required to support anticipated peaks in demand that may significantlyincrease Web site hits, transaction volumes, or otherwise increase systemresource utilization.11.6 Content and Digital CertificatesCustomer is solely responsible for:a. all Content including, without limitation, its selection, licensing, accuracy, performance, maintenance, and support; andb. the selection, management and use of any public and private keys and digital certificates it may use with the Services.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------12.0 Base Components12.1 LicenseIBM grants Customer a nonexclusive, revocable license to use the Base Componentssolely in connection with the Services as provided under this Agreement.Customer agrees not to download or otherwise copy, reverse assemble, reversecompile, or otherwise translate the software 7portions of the Base Components, other than to make one copy for backuppurposes.12.2 Maintenance of Base ComponentsFor Base Components provided hereunder, IBM will provide, at no additional costto Customer, maintenance as reasonably determined by IBM and upon notice toCustomer. Unless otherwise specified in an SOA, such maintenance excludesupgrades to Base Components. Call back response times for Base Componentfailures through issue resolution is designated in the relevant Service OptionAttachment.12.3 No Sale or Lease of GoodsAs between Customer and IBM, IBM retains all right, title and interest in theBase Components. No goods are sold or leased by IBM under this Agreement. IfCustomer desires to purchase or to lease goods from IBM, such purchase or leasewill be governed by a separate mutually acceptable written agreement betweenCustomer and IBM or an IBM Affiliate.12.4 No Lease of Real PropertyThis Agreement is a services agreement and not a lease of any real property.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------13.0 Changes13.1 ServicesIBM, in its reasonable discretion, may change the terms and conditions ofAttachment A and/or Service Option Attachments, upon at least ninety (90) daysprior notice to Customer. IBM may change the prices of Service OptionAttachments after twelve (12) months following the applicable Service OptionAttachment Start Date upon at least ninety (90) days prior written notice toCustomer. Any such changes will not apply retroactively. If Customer disagreeswith any such changes, Customer may in its sole discretion terminate thisAgreement (or some or all of the affected Service Option Attachments) withoutthe payment of termination charges upon notice to IBM at least thirty (30) daysprior to the effective date of the applicable change.13.2 Acceptable Use PolicyIBM, in its reasonable discretion, may modify the Acceptable Use Policy uponthirty (30) days notice to Customer.13.3 AmendmentsExcept for changes pursuant to Sections 13.1 and 13.2, this Agreement may beamended only by a writing signed by authorized representatives of both parties.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------14.0 General14.1 HeadingsThe headings of the various sections of this Agreement have been inserted forconvenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement.14.2 SurvivalAny of these terms and conditions which by their nature extend beyond theAgreement termination or expiration remain in effect until fulfilled, including,without limitation, Sections 3.5, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11.2, 11.3, 11.6, 12.2,12.3, and 14, and apply to both Customers and IBMs respective successors andassignees.14.3 Choice of LawThis Agreement will be governed by the substantive laws of the State of NewYork, without regard for its conflict of laws provisions.14.4 Waiver of Jury TrialThe parties waive any right to a jury trial in any proceeding arising out of orrelated to this Agreement.14.5 SeverabilityIf any provision of this Agreement shall be held by a court of competentjurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the validity, legality,and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall in no waybe affected or impaired thereby, so long as the remaining provisions of thisAgreement still express the original intent of the parties. If the originalintent of the parties can not be preserved, this Agreement shall either berenegotiated or terminated.14.6 Publicity and TrademarksNeither party grants the other the right to use its or any of its Affiliatestrademarks, trade names, or other designations in any promotion, publication, orWeb site without prior written consent. Except as may be required by law or asmay be required by IBM to perform the Services, neither party may disclose toany third party the terms and conditions of this Agreement, without priorwritten consent.14.7 No Third-Party BeneficiariesExcept as expressly provided in Section 8, this Agreement does not create anyintended third party beneficiary rights.14.8 PersonnelEach party is responsible for the supervision, direction, and control of itsrespective personnel. IBM reserves the right to determine the assignment of itspersonnel. IBM may subcontract portions of 8the Services to Subcontractors and Affiliates selected by IBM.14.9 No AgencyThis Agreement does not create an agency, joint venture, or partnership betweenthe parties.14.10 AssignmentCustomer will not assign this Agreement or any of its rights hereunder withoutthe prior written consent of IBM, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld.Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer may assign this Agreement to a successororganization by merger, consolidation or acquisition. Any attempted assignmentin violation of the foregoing will be void. In any permitted assignment,Customer will remain liable for its obligations hereunder.14.11 No ResaleCustomer shall not resell the Services, in whole or in part.14.12 Risk of LossRisk of loss for all Base Components shall at all times remain with IBM. Risk ofloss for all Customer Components shall at all times remain with Customer.14.13 Force MajeureExcept for payment obligations hereunder, neither party is responsible tofulfill its obligations to the extent due to causes beyond its control.14.14 Actions PeriodNeither party will bring a legal action related to this Agreement more than twoyears after the cause of action accrued.14.15 WaiverThe failure of one party to insist upon strict adherence to any term of thisAgreement on any occasion shall not be considered a waiver, nor shall it deprivethat party of the right to insist later on adherence thereto. Any waiver must bein writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.14.16 Freedom of ActionEach party is free to enter into similar agreements with others.14.17 Limitation of LicensesEach of us grants only the licenses expressly specified herein. No otherlicenses or rights (including licenses or rights under patents) are granted.14.18 Data ProtectionYou agree to allow International Business Machines Corporation and entitieswithin its Enterprise to store and use your contact information, includingnames, phone numbers, and e-mail addresses, anywhere they do business. Suchinformation will be processed and used in connection with our businessrelationship, and may be provided to contractors, Business Partners, andassignees of IBM Corp. and entities within its Enterprise for uses consistentwith their collective business activities, including communicating with you (forexample, for processing orders, for promotions, and for marketing research). Forpersonal information processed by IBM on your behalf as part of the Services,IBM will act in accordance with your instructions by following such processingand security obligations as are contained in this Agreement. You also confirmthat you are solely responsible for ensuring that any processing and securityobligations comply with applicable data protection laws. Your contactinformation shall not be considered personal information processed on yourbehalf.14.19 Geographic ScopeAlthough it is possible that Services Recipients outside of the United States ofAmerica may access Customers Web site, IBMs delivery of the Services will onlyoccur within the United States of America, and IBMs obligations hereunder arevalid only in the United States of America.14.20 NoticesAny notices required or permitted hereunder will be effective upon receipt andwill be personally delivered; mailed via the postal service; sent by reliableovernight courier; or transmitted by confirmed facsimile. Except for noticesunder Section 11.3, all notices will be in writing and addressed to theapplicable partys designated representative at the address specified in thisAgreement. Except as to notices permitted or required under Sections 3 or 8, theparties agree that electronic mail messages sent between them using securityprocedures sufficient to reasonably authenticate them will be deemed writings.In addition, IBM may provide notice under Section 13.2 by a posting to the Website identified in Section 1.0(a). 9Customer and IBM agree that this Agreement, including the Base Terms andapplicable attachments and Order Forms, is the complete agreement between theparties relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement replaces andsupersedes any other prior or contemporaneous agreements or communicationsbetween the parties related to the subject matter hereof.Agreed and Accepted:Bluefly Inc. International Business Machines CorporationBy: /s/ Patrick C. Barry By: /s/ Maura Lynch Gray ----------------------------- ---------------------------- Customer Authorized Signature Authorized SignaturePatrick C. Barry 1/9/02 Maura Lynch Gray 1/14/02------------------------------- -------------------------------Name (type or print) Date Name (type or print) DateChief Financial Officer and ChiefOperating Officer Business Unit Executive--------------------------------- -------------------------------Title TitleCustomer number: Agreement number:Customer address:42 West 39th Street9th FloorNY,NY 10018 Engagement number: IBM contract representative: IBM Services identifier: FLAfter signing, please return a copy of this Agreement to the following address:IBM Global Services3109 W. Dr. M. L. King, Jr. Blvd.Tampa, FL 33607Attention: Order Fulfillment Services 10