BW-3 FRANCHISE SYSTEMS, INC. FRANCHISE AGREEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTSARTICLE PAGE- ------- ---- I. APPOINTMENT AND FRANCHISE FEE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .1II. TERM AND RENEWAL . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .3III. RESTAURANT AND LOCATION. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .4IV. TRAINING . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .5V. PROPRIETARY MARKS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .6VI. CONFIDENTIAL MANUALS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .7VII. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .7VIII. MODIFICATION OF THE SYSTEM . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .8IX. ADVERTISING. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .8X. CONTINUING FEE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10XI. ACCOUNTING AND RECORDS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12XII. STANDARDS OF QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13XIII. OPERATIONS ASSISTANCE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17XIV. INSURANCE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18XV. COVENANTS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19XVI. DEFAULT AND TERMINATION. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20XVII. RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF PARTIES UPON EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23XVIII. TRANSFERABILITY OF INTEREST. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24XIX. YOUR DEATH OR INCAPACITY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26XX. RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26XXI. OPERATION IN THE EVENT OF ABSENCE, DISABILITY OR DEATH . . . . . . . 26XXII. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AND INDEMNIFICATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27XXIII. MISCELLANEOUS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27XXIV. APPLICABLE LAW . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29XXV. DISPUTE RESOLUTION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29XXVI. OWNER AGREEMENT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31XXVII. ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31EXHIBITS:A. OWNER AGREEMENTB. DESCRIPTION OF DESIGNATED AREAC. LEASE ADDENDUM i bw-3 FRANCHISE SYSTEMS, INC. FRANCHISE AGREEMENT This Franchise Agreement ("Agreement") made this _____ day of ________,19____, by and between bw-3 FRANCHISE SYSTEMS, INC. an Ohio corporation whichhas its principal place of business at 1919 Interchange Tower, 600 South Highway169, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55426 ("we" or "us"), and _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ ("you"). If you are a corporation, partnership or limitedliability company, certain provisions of the Agreement also apply to your ownersand will be noted. BACKGROUND: A. Our parent company has developed a unique system ("System") forestablishing and operating restaurants which use the service mark "BUFFALO WILDWINGS" and which feature chicken wings, sandwiches, and other products andbeverages, which are all prepared according to specified recipes and procedures("Menu Items"), some of which use proprietary mixes ("Trade Secret FoodProducts"), and has granted to us the right to sublicense the System to others. B. The distinguishing characteristics of the System include, withoutlimitation, distinctive exterior and interior layout, design and color scheme,signage, decorations, furnishings and materials, special recipes, formulae,menus and food and beverage designations, Confidential Manuals, food andbeverage storage, preparation service and delivery procedures and techniques,operating procedures for sanitation and maintenance, and methods and techniquesfor inventory and cost controls, record keeping and reporting, purchasing, salespromotion and advertising, Trade Secret Food Products, all of which may bechanged, improved and further developed from time to time. C. Our parent company is the owner of the trade names, service marksand trademarks "BUFFALO WILD WINGS", "bw-3" and other logos and commercialsymbols, and such other trade names, service marks, and trademarks as are nowdesignated (and may later be designated by us in writing) as part of the System("Marks"). D. We grant franchises to qualified candidates for the operation of"Buffalo Wild Wings" Restaurants offering the Menu Items and utilizing theSystem and Marks. You desire to operate a Buffalo Wild Wings Restaurant usingthe System and Marks and have applied for a franchise, which application hasbeen approved by us in reliance upon all of the representations you have made. E. You understand and acknowledge the importance of our high anduniform standards of quality and service and the necessity of operating theBuffalo Wild Wings business in conformity with our standards and specifications. AGREEMENTS: We and you agree as follows:I. APPOINTMENT AND FRANCHISE FEE A. Subject to the provisions stated below, we hereby grant you alicense to use the "Buffalo Wild Wings" Marks and System, and you undertake theobligation to operate a Buffalo Wild Wings restaurant facility featuring theMenu Items and providing sit-down, carry-out and other restaurant services("Franchised 1Restaurant"), and to use the Marks solely in connection with the System, as itis currently established, and as it may be changed, improved and furtherdeveloped from time to time, at one (1) location only, such location to be:1) _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________, or2) at a location to be designated, as provided in Paragraph III within the areadescribed on EXHIBIT B. When a location has been designated and approved by youand us, it will become part of Paragraph I.A.1., as if originally incorporatedin that Paragraph. You shall not relocate your Franchised Restaurant withoutour prior written approval. B. You receive a Designated Area within which we and our affiliatesshall not operate or grant to anyone else a franchise to operate a Buffalo WildWings or bw-3 Restaurant so long as this Agreement is in force and effect. TheDesignated Area is described in writing and on a map attached to the Agreementas EXHIBIT B and is made a part of the Agreement. You do not have any right tosublicense or subfranchise others within or outside of the Designated Area anddo not have the right to operate more than one (1) Franchised Restaurant withinthe Designated Area. C. You acknowledge and agree that we have the right, in our solediscretion, to grant other franchises outside of the Designated Area as we deemappropriate. Although we will not operate a Buffalo Wild Wings or bw-3 businesswithin the Designated Area, we reserve the right, both within and outside of theDesignated Area, to offer and sell at special events (at our option, if youelect not to participate in such events) or at wholesale, through channels ofdistribution distinct from those of a Franchised Restaurant, products andservices which comprise, or may in the future comprise a part of the System,which products may be resold at retail to the general public by such entities.Further, you acknowledge that certain locations within the Designated Area areby their nature unique and separate in character from sites generally developedas Franchised Restaurants. As a result, you agree that the following locations("Special Sites") are excluded from the Designated Area and we shall have theright to develop (by direct ownership or franchising) such locations:1) public transportation facilities, including airports, train stations and busstations; 2) military bases; 3) sports facilities, including race tracks; and 4)amusement and/or theme parks. D. We and our affiliated companies shall not engage in catering anddelivery services and activities in the Designated Area. You shall not engagein catering and delivery services and activities outside of the Designated Area.We shall have no obligation to enforce similar covenants against any otherSystem franchisee. Other System franchisees shall be deemed third partybeneficiaries of such. You shall not offer for sale any Menu Items orProprietary Products by means of Internet/World Wide Web programming oradvertising. We reserve the right to market and sell Menu Items and TradeSecret Food Products on the Internet/World Wide Web. E. You pay us a nonrefundable Initial Franchise Fee of _______________________________________ Dollars (________) which is payable in full on the dateof this Agreement. The Initial Franchise Fee has been fully earned upon receiptand is nonrefundable in consideration of the expenses incurred by us in grantingthis franchise and for the lost or deferred opportunity to franchise others. F. You acknowledge that because complete and detailed uniformity undermany varying conditions may not be possible or practical, we specificallyreserve the right, at our sole discretion, to vary standards for any Systemfranchisee based upon the peculiarities of the particular site or circumstance,density of population, business potential, population of trade area, existingbusiness practices or any other condition which we deem to be of importance tothe successful operation of such franchisees business. You shall not beentitled to require us to grant to you a like or similar variation. G. In consideration of our agreement not to grant another franchise inthe area described in Paragraph I.C., you at all times shall use your bestefforts to promote and increase the sales and service of Menu 2Items and to effect the widest and best possible distribution throughout theDesignated Area, soliciting and servicing all potential customers and accountsfor Buffalo Wild Wings food products and services.II. TERM AND RENEWAL A. The term of this Agreement is for ten (10) years commencing on thedate of this Agreement, unless terminated as provided by this Agreement. B. You have the right to renew the franchise for two (2) successiveterms equal to five (5) years each, providing you meet all of the followingconditions: 1. You have, during the entire term, complied with all theprovisions of the Agreement; 2. The premises of the Franchised Restaurant meet ourthen-current standards for Buffalo Wild Wings restaurants and you are able tomaintain possession of the Franchised Restaurant. Before the expiration date ofthis Agreement you must bring the Franchised Restaurant into full compliancewith the specifications and standards then applicable for new or renewingBuffalo Wild Wings businesses and present us with evidence satisfactory that youhave the right to remain in possession of the Franchised Restaurant premises forthe duration of the renewal term. In the event you are unable to maintainpossession of the premises of the Franchised Restaurant or if the premises donot meet our then-current standards, you may secure substitute premises approvedby us and provided that you have furnished, stocked and equipped such premisesto bring the Franchised Restaurant at its substituted premises into fullcompliance with the then-current specifications and standards before theexpiration date of this Agreement; 3. You have given us written notice of your desire to renew atleast six (6) months but not more than twelve (12) months prior to the end ofthe term; 4. You have satisfied all of your monetary obligations to us andour affiliates and have timely met these obligations throughout the term of thisAgreement; 5. You have executed for the renewal term our then-current formof Franchise Agreement (with appropriate modifications to reflect the fact thatthe agreement relates to the grant of a renewal franchise), which shallsupersede in all respects this Agreement, and the terms of which may differ fromthe terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, a differentpercentage Continuing Fee and advertising contribution; provided, however, thatthe percentage Continuing Fee shall not exceed seven percent (7%) during anyrenewal period. You will not be required to pay the then-current initialfranchise fee or its equivalent; 6. You have complied with our then-current qualification andtraining requirements; and 7. You have executed a general release, in a form prescribed byus, of all claims against us and our affiliates, and respective officers,directors, agents, shareholders and employees. C. Within ninety (90) days of our receipt of your notice to renew, wewill furnish you with written notice of: (i) reasons which could cause us notto grant a renewal to you including but not limited to any deficiencies whichrequire correction and a schedule for correction by you; and (ii) ourthen-current requirements relating to the image, appearance, decoration,furnishing, equipping and stocking of Buffalo Wild Wings businesses, and aschedule for effecting upgrading or modifications in order to bring theFranchised Restaurant in compliance, as a condition of renewal. Renewal of thefranchise shall be conditioned upon your compliance with such requirements andcontinued compliance with all the terms and conditions of this Agreement up tothe date of termination of the initial term. 3 D. We shall give you written notice of our election not to renew thefranchise at least three (3) months prior to the expiration of the initial orfirst renewal term of this Agreement.III. RESTAURANT AND LOCATION A. You shall operate the Franchised Restaurant only at the locationspecified in Paragraph I of this Agreement. If the lease for the site of theFranchised Restaurant expires or terminates for reasons other than your breach,or if the site is destroyed, condemned or otherwise rendered unusable, or asotherwise may be agreed upon in writing by us and you, we will grant permissionfor relocation of the Franchised Restaurant within your Designated Area at alocation and site acceptable to us. Any such relocation shall be at your soleexpense and we shall have the right to charge you for any and all reasonablecosts incurred by us, and a reasonable fee for our services, in connection withany such relocation of the Franchised Restaurant. B. You shall be responsible for purchasing or leasing a suitable sitefor the Franchised Restaurant. Prior to the acquisition by lease or purchase ofany site for the premises of the Franchised Restaurant, you shall submit adescription of the proposed site to us, together with a letter of intent orother evidence satisfactory to us which confirms your favorable prospects forobtaining the proposed site. We shall provide you written notice of approval ordisapproval of the proposed site within fifteen (15) business days afterreceiving your written proposal. Our approval is not a determination orwarranty that the proposed site will be a profitable location for the FranchisedRestaurant. C. After receiving our written approval of the location of theFranchised Restaurant as provided in Paragraph III.B. above, you shall, subjectto our prior approval of terms, execute a lease (if the premises are to beleased) or a binding agreement to purchase the site. All leases pertaining tothe Franchised Restaurant premises must contain an Addendum in the form ofEXHIBIT C attached hereto, or contain terms and conditions substantially similarto those contained in EXHIBIT C that we approve. You shall provide us with acopy of the executed lease for the Franchised Restaurant within five (5) days ofits execution, and prior to its execution, provide us with a copy for ourapproval. A copy of the executed Addendum must also be provided to us. D. You shall promptly after obtaining possession of the site for theFranchised Restaurant: (i) retain the services of an architect and a contractoreach of whom has been approved by us; (ii) have prepared and submitted for ourapproval a site survey and basic architectural plans and specifications (not forconstruction) consistent with our general atmosphere, image, color scheme andambience requirements as set forth from time to time in the Manuals for aBuffalo Wild Wings restaurant (including requirements for dimensions, exteriordesign, materials, interior design and layout, equipment, fixtures, furniture,signs and decorating); (iii) obtain all required zoning changes, building,utility, health, sanitation, liquor and sign permits and licenses and any otherrequired permits and licenses; (iv) purchase or lease equipment, fixtures,furniture and signs as provided herein; (v) complete the construction and/orremodeling, equipment, fixtures, furniture and sign installation and decoratingof the Franchised Restaurant in full and strict compliance with plans andspecifications therefore approved by us and all applicable ordinances, buildingcodes and permit requirements; (vi) obtain all customary contractors swornstatements and partial and final waivers of lien for construction, remodeling,decorating and installation services; and (vii) otherwise complete developmentof and have the Franchised Restaurant ready to open and commence the conduct ofits business in accordance with Paragraph XII of this Agreement. Our approvalof your site survey and architectural plans is not a representation or warrantyof any type. E. You shall be required to periodically make reasonable capitalexpenditures to remodel, modernize and redecorate the premises of the FranchisedRestaurant so that the Franchised Restaurant will reflect the then-imageintended to be portrayed by Buffalo Wild Wings businesses. All remodeling,modernization, or redecoration of the premises of the Franchised Restaurant mustbe done in accordance with the standards and specifications as prescribed by usfrom time to time and with our prior written approval. All replacements must 4conform to our then-current quality standards and specifications and must beapproved in writing. Your total expenditures during the term of the FranchiseAgreement for such remodeling, modernizing and redecorating will not exceed ONEHUNDRED THOUSAND Dollars (100,000.00) adjusted for inflation from the date ofthis Agreement. Maintenance of the premises of the Franchised Restaurant andmodifying or replacing equipment may exceed this amount, and maintenance costsand equipment costs may not be credited to remodeling, modernization orredecoration expenditures.IV. TRAINING A. Before you commence operations, we shall make initial trainingavailable to you. At least three (3) persons designated by you and approved byus must attend and successfully complete the training to our satisfaction. Thetraining will be at least three (3) weeks in duration and will be conducted ateither our Cincinnati, or Columbus, Ohio training facilities or at such otherplace as we may designate. The training program covers material aspects of theoperation of a Buffalo Wild Wings business, including financial controls,general bookkeeping procedures, food preparation, service and operationaltechniques, familiarization with recipes and cooking procedures, marketing andadvertising techniques, sanitation and maintenance procedures, deployment oflabor, and maintenance of quality standards. We reserve the right to provideless training if you have one or more Franchised Restaurants in operation. Allexpenses incurred by you and your employees in attending the program, includingwithout limitation, travel costs, room and board expenses, and the employeecompensation shall be your sole responsibility. B. We will, from time to time upon your written request, makeavailable, at your expense, training for additional managers designated by youand approved by us. Such training shall take place at our Cincinnati, orColumbus, Ohio training facilities or such other place as we may designate. Youacknowledge that the time period within which we provide additional trainingwill be subject to available openings in our regular training program withpreference being given to initial training for new franchisees. C. We will schedule the opening of your Franchised Restaurant. For one(1) week prior to and one (1) week concurrent with the commencement ofoperations of the Franchised Restaurant, we will furnish to you, at yourRestaurant and at our expense, one (1) or more of our representatives for thepurpose of training your employees and management team in the operation of aFranchised Restaurant. During this period, the representatives will assist inestablishing and standardizing procedures and techniques essential to theoperation of a Buffalo Wild Wings business. If you request additionalassistance from us in order to facilitate the opening of the FranchisedRestaurant, and if, we, in our discretion, deem it necessary, feasible andappropriate to comply with the request, you will reimburse us for our expensesin providing such additional assistance, which may include our then-currentservice fee. You agree that during the week preceding the opening, you willhave four (4) full days during which the Restaurant is fully operational andwill host two (2) opening parties. D. If we determine, in our sole discretion, that you or your manager isunable to satisfactorily complete the required training program, you will havethirty (30) days to provide an alternate person to complete the training programat your sole expense. At least three (3) persons actively involved in themanagement and operation of the Franchised Restaurant must successfully completethe training program. If you fail to provide three (3) persons who can completethe training program, we will have the right to terminate this Agreement and youwill not be entitled to a refund of any portion of the franchise fees paid. E. From time to time we may provide and if we do, may require thatpreviously-trained and experienced franchisees, their managers and/or employeesattend and successfully complete refresher training programs or seminars to beconducted at our training facility or at such other place as we shall designate.Attendance at such refresher training programs or seminars will be at your soleexpense, provided, however, that attendance will not be required at more thantwo (2) such programs in any calendar year. 5V. PROPRIETARY MARKS A. You acknowledge that our parent company is the owner of all right,title and interest together with all the goodwill of the Marks and has licensedthe use of such Marks to us with the right to sublicense others. You furtheracknowledge that your right to use the Marks is derived solely from thisAgreement and is limited to the conduct of business by you pursuant to and incompliance with this Agreement and all applicable standards, specifications, andoperating procedures prescribed by us from time to time during the term of theAgreement. Any unauthorized use of the Marks by you is a breach of thisAgreement and an infringement of the rights of us in and to the Marks. Youacknowledge that your usage of the Marks and any goodwill established by youruse of the Marks shall inure to the exclusive benefit of us and our affiliate,and that this Agreement does not confer any goodwill or other interests in theMarks upon you. Any developments and improvements by you relating to the Marksor the System shall be our sole property. You will not, at any time during theterm of this Agreement or after its termination or expiration, contest thevalidity or ownership of any of the Marks or assist any other person incontesting the validity or ownership of the Marks. All provisions of thisAgreement applicable to the Marks apply to any and all additional trademarks,service marks, and commercial symbols authorized for use by and licensed to youby us after the date of this Agreement. B. You will not use any Mark or portion of any Mark as part of acorporate or trade name, or with any prefix, suffix, or other modifying words,terms, designs, or symbols, or in any modified form. You will not use any Markin connection with the sale of any unauthorized product or service or in anyother manner not expressly authorized in writing by us. You shall give suchnotices of trademark and service mark registrations as we specify and to obtainsuch fictitious or assumed name registrations as may be required underapplicable law. Your use of any of the Marks on the Internet/World Wide Web(including any Home Page) or any other medium must have our prior writtenapproval. We reserve the right to prohibit your use of the Marks on theInternet. C. You will promptly notify us of any claim, demand or cause of actionbased upon or arising from any attempt by any other person, firm or corporationto use the Marks or any colorable imitation of the Marks. You shall also notifyus of any action, claim or demand against you relating to the Marks within ten(10) days after you receive notice of said action, claim or demand. Uponreceipt of timely notice of an action, claim or demand against you relating tothe Marks, we and our affiliate shall have the sole right and duty to defend anysuch action. We and our affiliate will have the exclusive right to contest orbring action against any third party regarding the third partys use of any ofthe Marks and will exercise such right in our and our affiliates solediscretion. In any defense or prosecution of any litigation relating to theMarks or components of the System undertaken by us, you shall cooperate in allrespects with us and our affiliate and execute any and all documents and takeall actions as may be desirable or necessary in the opinion of our counsel, tocarry out such defense or prosecution. Both parties shall make every effortconsistent with the foregoing to protect, maintain, and promote the Marks asidentifying the System and only the System. D. If, in our sole discretion, it becomes advisable at any time, for usto modify or discontinue use of any Mark, and/or use one or more additional orsubstitute trade names, trademarks, service marks, or other commercial symbols,either systemwide or with respect to use by any selected franchisee, you willcomply with our directions within a reasonable time after notice to you. Wewill have no liability or obligation whatsoever with respect to yourmodification or discontinuance of any Mark. E. In order to preserve the validity and integrity of the Marks andcopyrighted material licensed to you and to assure that you are properlyemploying the same in the operation of your Franchised Restaurant, we and ouragents have the right of entry and inspection of your premises and operatingprocedures at all reasonable times. We will have the right to observe themanner in which you are rendering your services and conducting your operations,to confer with your employees and customers, and to select Menu Items,ingredients, food and 6non-food products, beverages, and other items, products, delivery vehicles,products and supplies for test of content and evaluation purposes to makecertain that the Menu Items, ingredients, food and non-food products, beveragesand other items, products, delivery vehicles, materials and supplies aresatisfactory and meet our quality control provisions and performance standards.VI. CONFIDENTIAL MANUALS A. We will loan to you during the term of the franchise one (1) copy ofour Confidential Operations Manual and other confidential manuals and writtenmaterials (all of which are collectively referred to herein as the "Manuals")containing reasonable, mandatory and suggested specifications, standards,operating procedures and rules prescribed from time to time by us for BuffaloWild Wings businesses and information relative to your other obligations. Youwill not at any time, without our prior written consent, copy, duplicate, recordor otherwise reproduce the Manuals in whole or in part or otherwise make thesame available to any person. Any authorized duplication or copying of any ofthe Manuals shall be performed by us at your expense. We have the right to addto and otherwise modify, combine, or replace the Manuals from time to time toreflect changes in the specifications, standards, operating procedures and rulesprescribed by us for Buffalo Wild Wings businesses, provided that no suchaddition or modification shall alter your fundamental status and rights underthis Franchise Agreement. B. The Manuals shall at all times remain our sole property and shallpromptly be returned upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement. C. The Manuals contain our proprietary information which you shall keepconfidential both during the term of the franchise and subsequent to theexpiration and/or termination of the franchise. You will at all times insurethat your copy of the Manuals are available at the Franchised Restaurantpremises in a current and up-to-date manner. At all times that the Manuals arenot in use by authorized personnel, you will maintain the Manuals in a lockedreceptacle at the premises of the Franchised Restaurant, and will only grantauthorized personnel, as defined in the Manuals, access to the key or lockcombination of such receptacle. In the event of any dispute as to the contentsof the Manuals, the terms of the master copy of the Manuals maintained by us atour home office will be controlling.VII. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION A. You acknowledge that your entire knowledge of the operation of aBuffalo Wild Wings business, including, without limitation, the method ofpreparation of Menu Items and other food products, and other specifications,recipes, standards and operating procedures of a Buffalo Wild Wings business isderived from information disclosed to you by us and that such information isproprietary, confidential and our trade secret. You will maintain the absoluteconfidentiality of all such information during and after the term of thefranchise and you will not use any such information in any other business or inany manner not specifically authorized or approved in writing by us. B. You will divulge such confidential information only to the extentand only to such of your employees as must have access to it in order to operatethe Franchised Restaurant. Any and all information, knowledge and know-how,including, without limitation, drawings, materials, equipment, techniques,restaurant systems, product formulae, recipes and other data which we designateas confidential will be deemed confidential for purposes of this Agreement,except information: 1) which you can demonstrate lawfully came to your attentionprior to disclosure thereof by us, or 2) which, at the time of disclosure by usto you, had lawfully become a part of the public domain, through publication orcommunication by others, or 3) which, after disclosure to you by us, lawfullybecomes a part of the public domain, through publication or communication byothers. 7 C. Due to the special and unique nature of our confidentialinformation, Marks and Manuals, you acknowledge that we will be entitled toimmediate equitable remedies, including but not limited to, restraining ordersand injunctive relief in order to safeguard our proprietary, confidential,unique, and special information and you acknowledge that money damages alonewould be an insufficient remedy with which to compensate us for any breach ofthe terms of Paragraph V, VI and VII of this Agreement. All of your employeeshaving access to our confidential and proprietary information and all of yourshareholders, directors, officers, partners and/or members will be required toexecute non-disclosure agreements in the form acceptable to us.VIII. MODIFICATION OF THE SYSTEM You acknowledge that from time to time we may change or modify the Systempresently identified by the Marks, including, without limitation, the adoptionand use of new or modified trade names, trademarks, service marks or copyrightedmaterials, new Menu Items, new products, new equipment or new techniques. Youwill accept, use and display for the purpose of this Agreement any such changesin the System, as if they were part of this Agreement at the time of execution.You will make such expenditures as are reasonably required by such changes ormodifications in the System. Except as directed by us, you will not change,modify or alter the System in any way.IX. ADVERTISING Recognizing the value of advertising and the importance of thestandardization of advertising and promotion to the furtherance of the goodwilland the public image of Buffalo Wild Wings businesses, you agree: A. Before using any promotional and advertising materials, you willsubmit to us or our designated agency, for our prior approval, all informationpertaining to promotional materials and advertising initiated by you, including,but not limited to, newspapers, radio and television advertising, Internet orany other medium, specialty and novelty items, signs, boxes, napkins, bags andwrapping papers. In the event written disapproval of any such advertising andpromotional material has not been given by us to you within twenty (20) daysfrom the date such information has been received by us, the materials will bedeemed approved. Your failure to conform with these provisions and subsequentnonaction by us to require you to cure or remedy any such failure and defaultwill not be deemed a waiver of future or additional failures and defaults by youunder this provision and/or any other provision of this Agreement. Thesubmission of advertising information to us for our approval will not affectyour right to determine the prices at which you sell your products and/orservices. B. You will contribute to the Buffalo Wild Wings Advertising andDevelopment Fund ("Fund") (which may be one of several regional Funds, if weelect to establish separate Funds to serve various regions in which multiplefranchisees are located) an amount equal to three percent (3%) of your GrossSales, as defined in Paragraph X. Your required payments to the Fund will bemade on or before the fifteenth day of the month for the preceding month. Thesecontributions may be withdrawn from your bank account as provided in ParagraphX. We will use such funds to conduct local, regional or national advertising.Such payments shall be made in addition to and exclusive of any sums that youmay be required to spend on system or grand opening advertising and promotion.The Fund shall be maintained and administered by us or our designee, as follows: 1. We will oversee all advertising programs and have solediscretion over the creative concepts, materials and media used in such programsincluding the placement and allocation. We will use the Fund to conductnational advertising, and/or, if regional Funds are developed, to conductregional or local advertising on your behalf, at our sole discretion. We mayalso use such funds to conduct advertising in your local advertising market.However, we cannot and do not ensure that any particular franchisee will benefitdirectly or pro rata from the placement of advertising. 8 2. For each of our company-owned and affiliate-owned Restaurants(except Special Sites identified in Paragraph I.C.) offering products andservices similar to the Franchised Restaurant we will make contributions to theFund or to regional Funds equivalent to the contributions required of FranchisedRestaurants within the System or, if applicable, region in which thecompany-owned or affiliate-owned store is located. 3. We will administer and control the Fund and we will have theabsolute and unilateral right to determine how, when and where the monies in theFund will be spent. This includes the right to use Fund monies for (1) thecreation, development and production of advertising and promotional materials,(2) any marketing or related research and development, and (3) advertising andmarketing expenses, including without limitation, the absolute right to purchaseand pay for product and food research and development, advertising materials,production costs, brochures, ad slicks, radio, film and television commercials,videotapes, newspaper, magazine and other print advertising, direct mail pieces,photographer costs, photographs, pictures, designs, services provided byadvertising agencies, public relations firms or other marketing, research orconsulting firms or agencies, market research and marketing surveys, menu designand graphics, customer incentive programs, sponsorships, marketing meetings andsales incentives, development of Home Pages on the Internet, Internet accessprovider costs, Internet/World Wide Web programming and advertising,subscriptions to industry newsletters or magazines, marketing or industrystudies, books and research materials, administrative costs and salaries formarketing support personnel. All sums paid by you to the Fund will bemaintained in a separate account from our other funds and shall not be used todefray any of our general operating expenses, except for such reasonableadministrative costs and overhead, if any, as we may incur in activitiesreasonably related to the administration or direction of the Fund andadvertising programs including, without limitation, costs incurred in collectingand accounting for assessments for the Fund. 4. It is our intent that all contributions to the Fund will beexpended for advertising and promotional purposes during our fiscal year withinwhich contributions are made. Any monies not expended in the fiscal year inwhich they were contributed will be applied and used for Fund expenses in thefollowing year. 5. Although we intend the Fund to be of perpetual duration, wehave the right to terminate the Fund. We will not terminate the Fund, however,until all monies in the Fund have been expended for advertising and promotionalpurposes. 6. An unaudited accounting of Fund contributions and expenditureswill be prepared annually and will be made available to you upon request. Atour option, any such annual accounting may include an audit of the contributionsand expenditures of the Fund prepared by an independent certified publicaccountant selected by us and prepared at the expense of the Fund. 7. Once you make contributions to the Fund, all such monies willbe used as required by this Paragraph IX and will not be returned to you. C. In addition to your contributions to the Fund, you may be requiredto spend up to two percent (2%) of your Gross Sales on approved localadvertising. We may direct that your local advertising expenditures be madeeither individually or to a local advertising group as described below. 1. We shall have the right to designate local advertising marketsand you will participate in cooperative advertising and marketing programs inyour designated local advertising market as described in this Paragraph. EachBuffalo Wild Wings and bw-3 Restaurant (except Special Sites identified inParagraph I.C.) within the designated local advertising area shall be a memberof the local advertising group and each member shall have one vote on allmatters requiring a vote. We reserve the right to designate the Bylaws whichwill govern the operation of local advertising groups. 9 2. If we direct you to spend your advertising funds locally, allsuch expenditures will be made directly by you or the local advertising group,subject to approval and direction by us or our designated advertising agency.You acknowledge that we may direct local advertising to be spent according to aseasonally adjusted schedule; however, such expenditures shall not exceed twopercent (2%) of your annual Gross Sales. You shall furnish to us an accurateaccounting of all expenditures on local advertising and promotion. 3. You will submit documentation of your advertising expendituresat such times and in such form as we designate. If you fail to make anyrequired advertising expenditures, we have the right to require you tocontribute the amount of any deficiency to the Fund to be used by us for generaladvertising and promotion. D. We may require you to expend up to FIVE THOUSAND Dollars (5,000) onnewspaper, direct mail or advertising through other media prior to your openingand during your initial ninety (90) days of operation of the FranchisedRestaurant. We retain the right to collect such funds directly from you andexpend the funds on your behalf. Such advertising and promotion will bedesignated as "Grand Opening" advertising and promotion and will be conducted inaccordance with the specifications set forth in the Manuals. E. You must carry and offer for sale to your customers a representativesupply of trademarked clothing. We may, from time to time, develop and marketspecial promotional items which will be made available to you at our cost plus areasonable mark up and you will maintain a representative inventory of suchpromotional items to meet public demand. You will have the right to purchasealternative promotional items provided that such alternative goods conform tothe specifications and quality standards established by us. You will, on anannual basis, participate in a minimum of fifty percent (50%) of the promotionalprograms introduced by us from time to time. You will participate in thespecific promotional programs designated by us. F. You will maintain a business phone and advertise continuously in theclassified or Yellow Pages of a local telephone directory approved by us or suchother directories under the listing "Restaurant", or such other listings asdeemed appropriate by us using mats of the type and size approved in advance byus. We reserve the right to require you to advertise in more than one localtelephone directory. When more than one (1) Buffalo Wild Wings and/or bw-3restaurant serves a metropolitan area, classified advertisements shall list allsuch restaurants operating within the distribution area of the classifieddirectories, and you shall contribute your equal share in the cost of suchadvertisement. G. You will not use in advertising or any other form of promotion, orin any manner any of the marks without the appropriate -RegisteredTrademark- registration mark or the designations TM or SM where applicable.X. CONTINUING FEE A. You will pay us without offset, credit or deduction of any nature,so long as this Agreement is in effect, a monthly Continuing Fee equal to fivepercent (5%) of the Gross Sales derived from the Franchised Restaurant. TheContinuing Fee will be paid monthly in the manner specified below or asotherwise prescribed in the Manuals. 1. We must receive from you within five (5) days after the end ofeach month, a correct statement of your Gross Sales for the preceding fiscalmonth as determined by us on a form approved by us and signed by you. Eachmonthly statement of Gross Sales shall be accompanied by the Continuing Feepayment based on the Gross Sales reported in the statement so submitted. Youwill make available to us all original books and records that we may deemnecessary to ascertain your Gross Sales for reasonable inspection at reasonabletimes. 10 2. The term "Gross Sales", as used in this Agreement, means andincludes the total amount of all revenue from the sale of services, products andmerchandise and all income of every kind and nature related to the FranchisedRestaurant whether or not sold or performed at or from the Franchised Restaurantand the proceeds from all games, cover charges, service, license, use andsimilar fees collected by the Franchised Restaurant. Gross sales do not includeany sales tax, use tax, or service taxes collected and paid to the appropriatetaxing authority. B. Prior to the opening of your Restaurant (and thereafter as requestedby us), you shall execute and deliver to us, our bank(s) and your bank, asnecessary, all forms and documents that we may request to permit us to debityour account, either by check, via electronic funds transfer or other means orsuch alternative methods as we may designate ("Payment Methods"). You mustcomply with all procedures specified by us from time to time to take suchactions as we may request to assist in utilizing any of the Payment Methods. Wemay use the Payment Methods to collect the amount of each months ContinuingFee, Advertising Contributions, and any other amounts due to us or ouraffiliates under this Agreement or otherwise. The Continuing Fee shall bewithdrawn from your designated bank account by electronic fund transfer on thefifth of each month for the previous month, or if the fifth falls on a weekendor bank holiday, then on the next business day. Advertising Contributions willbe withdrawn on the fifteenth of each month or on the next business day.Payments for commissary purchases will be debited one business day afterproducts are delivered to the Restaurant. We will determine your Gross Sales bymeans of the approved information system, or if we are unable to do so, youshall report your Gross Sales in writing on or before the fifth day of the monthfor the preceding month. You shall notify us at least twenty (20) days beforeclosing or changing the account against which such debits are to be made. Ifsuch account is closed or ceases to be used, you shall immediately provide alldocuments and information necessary to permit us to debit the amounts due froman alternative account. You acknowledge that these requirements are only amethod to facilitate prompt and timely payment of amounts due and shall notaffect any obligation or liability for amounts owed. If for any reason youraccount cannot be electronically debited, you shall submit payments by check(certified or cashiers check if requested by us) on or before the dates whendue. You shall indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against allclaims, damages, losses, costs and expenses resulting from any dishonored debitagainst your account, regardless whether resulting from the act or omission ofyou or your bank; provided that you shall not be obligated to indemnify us forany dishonored debit caused by our negligence or mistake. C. All Continuing Fees, Advertising Contributions, amounts due forpurchases by you from us and our affiliates, and other amounts which you owe usor our affiliates shall bear interest after due date at the highest applicablelegal rate for open account business credit, not to exceed one and one-halfpercent (1.5%) per month. You acknowledge that this Paragraph does notconstitute agreement by us or our affiliates to accept such payments after sameare due or a commitment by us to extend credit to, or otherwise finance youroperation of, the Franchised Restaurant. Further, you acknowledge that yourfailure to pay all amounts when due shall constitute grounds for termination ofthis Agreement, as provided in Paragraph XVI hereof, notwithstanding theprovisions of this Paragraph. D. Notwithstanding any designation by you, we have the sole discretionto apply any payments by you to any past due indebtedness of yours forContinuing Fees, Advertising Contributions, purchases from us and ouraffiliates, interest or any other indebtedness. Further, if you are delinquentin the payment of any fees or indebtedness we have the right to require you toprepay estimated Continuing Fees and Advertising Contributions.XI. ACCOUNTING AND RECORDS A. You will maintain during the term of this Agreement, and preservefor the time period specified by us, full, complete, and accurate books,records, and accounts in accordance with the standard accounting 11system prescribed by us from time to time in writing. You will retain for aperiod of three (3) years all books and records related to the FranchisedRestaurant, including without limitation, sales checks, purchase orders,invoices, payroll records, customer lists, check stubs, sales tax records andreturns, cash receipts and disbursement journals and general ledgers. If acomputerized accounting system is developed by us for use throughout thefranchise System, you will at your expense implement and utilize such a systemaccording to the standards and procedures established by us. B. You will supply to us on or before the twenty-eighth (28th) dayafter the end of each fiscal quarter, in the form approved by us, an activityreport and a detailed profit and loss statement, balance sheet and statement ofcash flow for the last preceding fiscal quarter. Additionally, you will, atyour expense, submit to us within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscalyear during the term of this Agreement, a detailed profit and loss statement andstatement of cash flow for such fiscal year and a balance sheet as of the lastday of such fiscal year, prepared on an accrual basis including all adjustmentsnecessary for fair presentation of the financial statements. Such financialstatements must be certified to be true and correct by you and be reviewed by anindependent certified public account. C. You will submit to us such other periodic reports, forms and recordsas specified, and in the manner and at the time as specified in the Manuals oras we otherwise require in writing from time to time. D. You will record all sales on electronic cash registers approved byus or on such other types of cash registers as may be designated by us in theManuals or otherwise in writing. We reserve the right to designate theinformation system used in your Franchised Restaurant including the computerhardware, software, other equipment and enhancements. At such time as wedesignate the approved information system, you will have one hundred eighty(180) days in which to install and commence using the approved informationsystem. In connection with the approved information system, you agree to thefollowing: 1. You understand that you will be required to acquire the rightto use the information system, obtain peripheral equipment and accessories andarrange for required maintenance and support services, all at your cost. 2. We shall have the right at all times to access the informationsystem and to retrieve, analyze, download and use all software, data and filesstored or used on the information system. We may access the information systemin the Franchised Restaurant or from other locations. You shall store all dataand information on the information system that we designate from time to time. 3. All modifications and enhancements made to the approvedinformation system shall be our property (or the appropriate vendor if we sodesignate), without regard to the source of the modification or enhancement.You agree to execute any documents, in the form provided by us, that wedetermine are necessary to reflect such ownership. 4. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, you shallallow our employees or agents to remove the required software from theinformation system, shall immediately return to us the software, each componentthereof, any data generated by the use thereof, all documentation for thesoftware and other materials or information that relate to or reveal thesoftware and its operation. You shall immediately destroy any and all back-upor other copies of the software or parts thereof, and any data generated by theuse of the software (other than financial information relating solely to you). 5. You acknowledge and agree that there will be fees payable byyou in connection with the installation, use, support, maintenance, and periodicenhancements of the approved information system. These fees will include butare not necessarily limited to an on-site installation and support fee, 12software support fees and software maintenance fees. These fees will be payableto us or a vendor designated by us and may be increased from time to time. 6. You will be required to execute a software license agreementsetting forth in more detail your rights and obligations in connection with youruse of the approved information system.You agree that we have the right to use your data as part of our earnings claimin our Franchise Offering Circular. E. We or our designated agents have the right at all reasonable timesto examine and copy, at our expense, your books, records, and tax returns. Wealso have the right, at any time, to have an independent audit made of yourbooks and records at our expense. If an inspection reveals that any paymentsdue to us have been understated in any report to us, then you will immediatelypay to us the amount understated upon demand, in addition to interest from thedate such amount was due until paid, at the maximum rate permitted by law not toexceed one and half percent (1.5%) per month. If an inspection discloses anunderstatement in any report of two percent (2%) or more, you will alsoreimburse us for any and all costs and expenses connected with the inspection(including, without limitation, reasonable accounting and attorneys fees), andwe will thereafter have the right to require you to submit annual financialstatements, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accountingprinciples, audited by an independent certified public accountant. Theforegoing remedies shall be in addition to any other remedies we may have. F. You acknowledge that nothing contained in this Agreement constitutesour agreement to accept any payments after they are due or a commitment by us toextend credit to or otherwise finance your operation of the FranchisedRestaurant. Further, you acknowledge that your failure to pay all amounts whendue constitutes a material default of, and grounds for, termination of thisAgreement.XII. STANDARDS OF QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE In order to promote and protect the value of the Marks and the System,and to insure optimum quality control as to products and services provided andsold in Franchised Restaurants, you acknowledge and agree that substantialuniformity must be maintained in the quality, type and standard of FranchisedRestaurant, and in their facilities, products, services and operations.Therefore, you will comply with all requirements described in this Agreement,the Manuals and other written policies supplied by us. Mandatoryspecifications, standards, operating procedures and rules prescribed from timeto time by us in the Manuals or otherwise communicated to you in writing, shallconstitute provisions of this Agreement as if fully set forth herein. Allreferences herein to this Agreement shall include all such mandatoryspecifications, standards and operating procedures and rules. A. You will commence operation of your Franchised Restaurant withinnine (9) months of the execution of this Agreement or as otherwise required orapproved in writing by us. Before opening, you will have procured all necessarylicenses, permits, and approvals, including, but not limited to, liquor andconstruction permits; hired and trained personnel, made all leaseholdimprovements, and acquired initial inventory. At the time of opening you musthave a minimum of Fifty Thousand Dollars (50,000) in immediately accessibleworking capital funds to be used solely to defray the costs of operating theRestaurant for the initial several months. If for any reason you fail tocommence operation within the nine (9) month period, we may terminate thisAgreement immediately upon delivery of written notice of termination to you.B. You will maintain the condition and appearance of the premises of theFranchised Restaurant consistent with our quality controls and standards. Youwill effect reasonable maintenance of the Franchised Restaurant as is from timeto time required to maintain or improve the appearance and efficient operationof the Franchised Restaurant, including but not limited to replacement of wornout or obsolete fixtures and signs, repair of the exterior and interior of thepremises of the Franchised Restaurant, and purchasing and installation of new or 13modified equipment. If at any time in our judgment the general state of repairor the appearance of the premises of the Franchised Restaurant or its equipment,fixtures, signs or decor does not meet our quality control and standardstherefor, we will notify you, specifying the action to be taken by you tocorrect such deficiency. If you fail or refuse to initiate a bona fide programto complete any required maintenance, within thirty (30) days after receipt ofsuch notice, we will have the right, but not the obligation, in addition to allother remedies, to enter upon the premises of the Franchised Restaurant andeffect such repairs, painting, maintenance or replacements of equipment,fixtures or signs on your behalf and you shall pay the entire costs thereof ondemand. C. You will not make any material alterations to the premises of theFranchised Restaurant make any material replacements of or alterations to theequipment, fixtures or signs of the Franchised Restaurant without our priorwritten approval. D. The Franchised Restaurant may be used solely for the purpose ofconducting a Buffalo Wild Wings Franchised Restaurant. The operating entity(corporation, partnership or limited liability company) will be dedicated solelyto the operation of your Franchised Restaurant(s) and will not hold any interestin, operate or manage any other business of any kind without our prior writtenapproval. E. We have developed and own proprietary sauces for use in preparingchicken wings, the weck kaiser roll and other menu items and specially preparedpocket pizza mix and "Buffalo Breath Chili" mix ("Trade Secret Food Products").In order to protect our trade secrets and to monitor the manufacture, packaging,processing and sale of Trade Secret Food Products, we will (i) manufacture,supply, and sell Trade Secret Food Products to our franchisees; (ii) disclosethe formulae for and methods for preparation of the Trade Secret Food Productsto a limited number of suppliers who may be authorized by us to manufactureTrade Secret Food Products to our precise specifications and sell Trade SecretFood Products to our franchisees; and/or (iii) disclose the formulae for andmethods for preparation of the pocket pizza mix and the Buffalo Breath Chili mixto you who will be authorized by us to manufacture them to our precisespecifications for sale only at the location of the Franchised Restaurantspecified herein, unless otherwise approved by us. Under no circumstances willwe disclose the formulae for and methods of preparation of any of ourproprietary sauces to you. You acknowledge that you may be required to purchaseTrade Secret Food Products (and other products whose consistency and quality iskey to the success of the System) from us or a limited number of suppliers soauthorized by us and will be required to use Trade Secret Food Products asdesignated by us. F. You will offer for sale and sell at the Franchised Restaurant allMenu Items, other food and beverage products and other products that we fromtime to time require and shall not offer for sale or sell at the FranchisedRestaurant or the premises which you occupy any unapproved products or menuitems or use such premises for any purpose other than the operation of aFranchised Restaurant in full compliance with this Agreement. You will offerall Menu Items on a menu specified by us. G. In order to ensure that all Menu Items produced by you meet our highstandards of taste, texture, appearance and freshness, and in order to protectour goodwill and Marks, all Menu Items and other food products shall be preparedonly by properly trained personnel strictly in accordance with our recipes,cooking techniques and processes, and the Manuals, and shall be sold only atretail to customers in conformity with our marketing plan and concept. Youacknowledge that such recipes, cooking techniques and processes are integral tothe System and failure to adhere to such recipes, cooking techniques andprocesses shall be detrimental to the System and Marks. H. From time to time, we will provide you with a list of approvedmanufacturers, suppliers and distributors ("Approved Suppliers List") andapproved inventory products, fixtures, furniture, equipment, signs, stationery,supplies, and other items or services necessary to operate the FranchisedRestaurant ("Approved Supplies List"). The list will specify the manufacturer,supplier and distributor and the inventory products, 14fixtures, furniture, equipment, signs, stationery, supplies and services whichwe have approved to be carried or used in the System. We may revise theApproved Suppliers List and Approved Supplies List from time to time in our solediscretion and such lists shall be submitted to you as we deem advisable. Ifyou propose to offer for sale at the Franchised Restaurant any brand of product,or to use in the operation of the Franchised Restaurant any brand of foodingredient or other material or supply which is not then approved by us asmeeting its minimum specifications and quality standards, or to purchase anyproduct from a supplier that is not then designated by us as an approvedsupplier, you must first notify us and shall upon our request submit samples andsuch other information as we require for examination and/or testing or tootherwise determine whether such product, material or supply, or such proposedsupplier meets its specifications and quality standards. We may charge you afee in connection with such examination and/or testing which will not exceed thereasonable cost of the inspection and evaluation and the actual cost of thetest. In some cases we may refuse to consider an alternate supplier of certainitems. We reserve the right to re-inspect the facilities and products of anysupplier of an approved item and to revoke its approval of any item or supplierwhich fails to continue to meet any of our criteria. I. All inventory, products and materials, and other items and suppliesused in the operation of the Franchised Restaurant which are not specificallyrequired to be purchased in accordance with our Approved Supplies List andApproved Suppliers List must conform to the specifications and quality standardsestablished by us from time to time. J. You will fully comply with all mandatory specifications, standards,operating procedures and rules as in effect from time to time relating to: 1. The safety, maintenance, cleanliness, sanitation, function andappearance of the Franchised Restaurant premises and its equipment, fixtures,decor and signs and maintenance and service agreements therefor; 2. Training, dress, general appearance and demeanor of FranchisedRestaurant employees; 3. Type, quality, taste, portion control and uniformity, andmanner of preparation, packaging, displays and sale of all Menu Items, beveragesand other food items sold by the Franchised Restaurant and of all food,beverages and other products used in the preparation and packaging thereof; 4. The promotion and sale of novelty items bearing the Marks,such as cups, T-shirts and related merchandise and accessories; 5. Hours during which the Franchised Restaurant will be open forbusiness; 6. Advertising and promotional programs; 7. Use and retention of standard forms; 8. Our recipes; 9. Use and illumination of signs, posters, displays, menu boardsand similar items; 10. Your identification as the owner of the Franchised Restaurant; 11. The handling of customer complaints; and 12. Any other standard, specification or procedure designated byus. 15 K. You will secure and maintain in force all required licenses,including liquor licenses, permits and certificates relating to the operation ofthe Franchised Restaurant and will operate the Franchised Restaurant in fullcompliance with all applicable laws, ordinances and regulations, includingwithout limitation all government regulations relating to occupational hazardsand health, dispensing of food products, consumer protection, trade regulation,workers compensation, unemployment insurance and withholding and payment ofFederal and State income taxes and social security taxes and sales, use andproperty taxes. L. You will refrain from any merchandising, advertising or promotionalpractice which is unethical or may be injurious to our business and/or thebusiness of other Franchised Restaurants or to the goodwill associated with theMarks or System. M. In the operation of the Franchised Restaurant you will use onlydisplays, trays, boxes, bags, wrapping paper, labels, forms and other paper andplastic products imprinted with the Marks and colors as prescribed from time totime by us. N. You acknowledge that the Franchised Restaurant shall at all timesmaintain an inventory of ingredients, food and beverage products and otherproducts, materials and supplies that will permit operation of the FranchisedRestaurant at maximum capacity. O. The Franchised Restaurant shall at all times be under your direct,on-premises supervision, unless, upon sixty (60) days prior written notice andapproval by us you designate a trained and competent employee to act asfull-time general manager. Your designation of a general manager shall besubject to our prior written approval, and shall further be subject to thedesignated general manager successfully completing our training course. Allcosts for the attendance of the designated general manager at our trainingcourse shall be at your cost, except as set forth in Section IV(A). We willhave the right at any time to revoke our approval of a designated manager. Theuse of a general manager will in no way relieve you of your obligations toobserve, perform and comply with this Agreement and the Manuals and to insurethat the Franchised Restaurant is properly managed and operated or theresponsibility for the on-site, day to day operation of the FranchisedRestaurant. You will employ a sufficient number of competent and trainedemployees to insure efficient service to your customers. P. You will not install or maintain on the premises of the FranchisedRestaurant any newspaper racks, video games, jukeboxes, gaming machines, gummachines, games, rides, vending machines, pool tables, automated tellermachines, or other similar devices without our written approval. The incomederived from any approved machines will be included in gross sales for purposesof your Continuing Fee and advertising contribution. Q. You will timely pay all of your obligations and liabilities due tous, our parent, bw-3, Inc., our affiliates and other suppliers, lessors andcreditors. R. You will notify us in writing within five (5) days of thecommencement of any action, suit, or proceeding, and of the issuance of anyorder, writ, injunction, award or decree of any court, agency, or othergovernmental instrumentality, which may adversely affect the operation orfinancial condition of the Franchised Restaurant. S. We reserve the right to require you to offer delivery service tocustomers located within a reasonable radius of the Franchised Restaurant. Asof the date of this Agreement, such delivery service is at your option. If theFranchised Restaurant offers delivery service to customers located within itsDesignated Area, in order to maintain the quality of all food products, theFranchised Restaurant will not offer delivery service to any customer whoseorder cannot be delivered within a reasonable time from when such order isplaced, in 16accordance with our standards. You will charge the same price for productsoffered by the Franchised Restaurant whether delivered or sold over the counterin the Franchised Restaurant, plus a reasonable delivery charge.XIII. OPERATIONS ASSISTANCE A. We may from time to time advise or offer guidance to you relative toprices for the food and other products offered for sale by the FranchisedRestaurant that in our judgment constitute good business practice. Suchguidance will be based on our experience in operating and franchisingRestaurants and an analysis of the costs of such products and prices charged forcompetitive products. You will not be obligated to accept any such advice orguidance and shall have the sole right to determine the prices to be chargedfrom time to time by the Franchised Restaurant and no such advice or guidanceshall be deemed or construed to impose upon you any obligation to charge anyfixed, minimum or maximum prices for any product offered for sale by theFranchised Restaurant. We may from time to time establish promotional practiceswhich you are required to follow such as "free refill," "buy one and get onefree" or similar practices. B. Before the opening of the Franchised Restaurant we will provide youwith the following: 1. A comprehensive list of established sources of equipment,foods, supplies and containers necessary for the operation of the FranchisedRestaurant and provide specifications for such products; 2. Coordination of product distribution for local, regional andnational suppliers; and 3. Regulation of quality standards and products in conformancethroughout the network of Franchised Restaurants. C. We may furnish you with such assistance in connection with theoperation of the Franchised Restaurant as we reasonably determined to benecessary from time to time. Operations assistance may consist of advice andguidance with respect to: 1. Proper utilization of procedures to be utilized by theFranchised Restaurant regarding the service and sale of all Menu Items and otherfood and beverage items, and related items and materials as approved by us; 2. Additional products and services authorized for sale byFranchised Restaurants; 3. Purchase of ingredients and other food and beverage items,materials and supplies; 4. The institution of proper administrative, bookkeeping,accounting, inventory control, supervisory and general operating procedures forthe effective operation of the Franchised Restaurant; and 5. Advertising and promotional programs. D. We will make periodic visits to the Franchised Restaurant for thepurposes of consultation, assistance, and guidance in all aspects of theoperation and management of the Franchised Restaurant as we reasonably determineto be necessary from time to time. We or our representatives who visit theFranchised Restaurant will prepare, for the benefit of both us and you, writtenreports with respect to such visits outlining any suggested changes orimprovements in the operations of the Franchised Restaurant and detailing anydefaults in such operations which become evident as a result of any such visit,and a copy of each such written report shall be provided to both us and you. Wewill advise you of problems arising out of the operation of the Franchised 17Restaurant as disclosed by reports submitted to us by you or by inspectionsconducted by us of the Franchised Restaurant. E. We will provide to you the specifications, Approved Suppliers Lists,Approved Supplies Lists, training and Manuals at various times between theexecution of this Agreement and the opening of the Franchised Restaurant. F. In the event you request additional operational assistance orservices, we have the right to condition the rendering of such services upon thepayment of a per diem fee and all of our expenses incurred in rendering theservices.XIV. INSURANCE A. You will procure at your expense and maintain in full force andeffect during the term of this Agreement, an insurance policy or policiesprotecting you, us and our designated affiliates, and their officers, directors,partners and employees against any loss, liability, personal injury, death, orproperty damage or expense whatsoever arising or occurring upon or in connectionwith the Franchised Restaurant, as we may reasonably require for our own andyour protection. We will be named an additional insured in such policy orpolicies. B. The policy or policies shall be written by an insurance companysatisfactory to us in accordance with standards and specifications set forth inthe Manuals or otherwise in writing, and shall include, at a minimum (except asdifferent coverages and policy limits may reasonably be specified for allfranchisees from time to time by us in the Manuals or otherwise in writing) thefollowing: 1. All risks coverage insurance on the Franchised Restaurant andall fixtures, equipment, supplies and other property used in the operation ofthe Franchised Restaurant, for full repair and replacement value of themachinery, equipment, improvements and betterments, without any applicableco-insurance clause, except that an appropriate deductible clause shall bepermitted. 2. Workers compensation and employers liability insurance aswell as such other insurance as may be required by statute or rule of the statein which the Franchised Restaurant is located and operated. 3. Comprehensive general liability insurance and productliability insurance with minimum limits of ONE MILLION Dollars (1,000,000)combined single limit including the following coverages: contractual liability;personal injury; products/completed operation; and tenants fire legalliability; insuring against all claims, suits, obligations, liabilities anddamages, including attorneys fees, based upon or arising out of actual oralleged personal injuries or property damage resulting from, or occurring in thecourse of, or on or about or otherwise relating to the Franchised Restaurant,provided that the required amounts herein may be modified from time to time byus to reflect inflation or future experience with claims. 4. If you offer delivery service or utilize motor vehicles forany other purpose in the operation of the Franchised Restaurant, automobileliability insurance, including owned, hired and non-owned vehicle coverage, witha combined single limit of at least ONE MILLION Dollars (1,000,000). 5. Such insurance and types of coverage as may be required by theterms of any lease for the Franchised Restaurant, or as may be required fromtime to time by us. 6. Liquor liability coverage in a minimum amount of ONE MILLIONDollars (1,000,000) or such other amount as may be specified by us. 18 C. The insurance afforded by the policy or policies respectingliability shall not be limited in any way by reason of any insurance which maybe maintained by us. The insurance coverage must commence as of the date thelocation of the Franchised Restaurant has been secured. You agree to deliver tous prior to opening and periodically at any time upon our request, propercertificate evidencing the existence of the insurance coverage which names us asa named insured. Such certificate shall state that said policy or policies willnot be canceled or altered without at least twenty (20) days prior writtennotice to us and shall reflect proof of payment of premiums. Maintenance ofsuch insurance and the performance by you of the obligations under thisParagraph will not relieve you of liability under the indemnity provision setforth in this Agreement. Minimum limits as required above may be modified fromtime to time, as conditions require, by written notice to you and we may requireyou to provide periodic proof of payment of premiums. D. If you, for any reason, do not procure and maintain such insurancecoverage as required by this Agreement, we have the right and authority(without, however, any obligation to do so) immediately to procure suchinsurance coverage and to charge same to you, which charges, together with areasonable fee for expenses incurred by us in connection with such procurement,shall be payable by you immediately upon notice.XV. COVENANTS A. Unless otherwise specified, the term "you" as used in this ParagraphXV shall include, collectively and individually, all officers, directors,managers, and holders of a beneficial interest of your securities, and of anycorporation directly or indirectly controlling you, if you are a corporation,the general and limited partners (including any corporation and the officers,directors, and holders of a beneficial interest of your securities, of acorporation which controls, directly or indirectly, any general or limitedpartner), if you are a partnership, and all members if you are a limitedliability company. B. You covenant that during the term of this Agreement, except asotherwise approved in writing by us, you (if you are an individual), ashareholder of a beneficial interest of ten percent (10%) or more of yoursecurities (if you are a corporation), a general partner of yours (if you are apartnership), a member (if you are a limited liability company) or yourfull-time manager approved by us shall devote full time, energy and best effortsto the management and operation of the Franchised Restaurant. At all timesduring the term of this Agreement, the on-site day to day management andoperation of the Franchised Restaurant shall be conducted by someone who hasbeen approved by us and who has satisfactorily completed our training program. C. You covenant that during the term of this Agreement, except asotherwise approved in writing by us, you will not, either directly orindirectly, for yourself, or through, on behalf of, or in conjunction with anyperson, persons, partnership, corporation or company: 1. Divert or attempt to divert any business or customer of theFranchised Restaurant to any competitor, by direct or indirect inducement orotherwise, or do or perform, directly or indirectly, any other act injurious orprejudicial to the goodwill associated with the Marks or the System. 2. Employ or seek to employ any person who is at that timeemployed by us, our affiliates, or by any other franchisee of ours, or otherwisedirectly or indirectly induce or seek to induce such person to leave his or heremployment thereat. 3. Directly or indirectly, for yourself or through, on behalf of,or in conjunction with any person or entity, own, manage, operate, maintain,engage in, consult with or have any interest in: a) any restaurant business, b)any prepared food business, or c) any other business which sells or offers todispense prepared food products the same as or similar to the type sold in theSystem. 19 D. You specifically acknowledge that, pursuant to this Agreement, youwill receive valuable training and confidential information, including, withoutlimitation, information regarding our promotional, operational, sales andmarketing methods and techniques and the System. Accordingly, you covenantthat, except as otherwise approved in writing by us, you will not, for a periodof two (2) years after the expiration or termination of this Agreement,regardless of the cause of termination, or within two (2) years of the sale ofthe Franchised Restaurant or any interest in you, either directly or indirectly,for yourself, or through, on behalf of, or in conjunction with any person orentity, own, manage, operate, maintain, engage in, consult with or have anyinterest in: i) any restaurant business, ii) any prepared food business, or iii)any other business which sells or offers to dispense prepared food products thesame as or similar to the type sold in the System: 1. At the premises of the former Franchised Restaurant; 2. Within a radius of ten (10) miles of the former FranchisedRestaurant; or 3. Within a radius of ten (10) miles of the location of any otherbusiness using the System, whether franchised or owned by us or our affiliates. E. You will not, at any time during or after the term of thisAgreement, divulge to any person, partnership, corporation or any other entityany information, trade secrets, the ingredients, recipes, cooking techniques andprocesses, used in the Trade Secret Food Products, and other food and beverageproducts and Menu Items used in the System or any information stated in theManuals. F. The parties agree that each of the foregoing covenants shall beconstrued as independent of any other covenant or provision of this Agreement.If all or any portion of a covenant in this Paragraph XV is held unreasonable orunenforceable by a court or agency having valid jurisdiction in an unappealedfinal decision to which we are a party, you will be bound by any lesser covenantsubsumed within the terms of such covenant that imposes the maximum dutypermitted by law, as if the resulting covenant were separately stated in andmade a part of this Paragraph XV. G. You understand and acknowledge that we have the right, in our solediscretion, to reduce the scope of any covenant set forth in Paragraphs XV.C.and XV.D. in this Agreement, or any portion thereof, without your consent,effective immediately upon receipt by you of written notice thereof, and youshall comply forthwith with any covenant as so modified, which shall be fullyenforceable notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph XXVI hereof. H. We have the right to require all of your current and futureshareholders, directors, officers, partners, members, managers and all personnelperforming managerial or supervisory functions and all personnel receivingtraining from us to execute similar covenants in a form satisfactory to us.XVI. DEFAULT AND TERMINATION A. If you are in substantial compliance with this Agreement and wematerially breach this Agreement and fail to cure such breach within areasonable time after written notice thereof is delivered to us, you mayterminate this Agreement. "Reasonable time," as used herein, shall be construedas allowing us at least thirty (30) days within which to commence curing anysuch material breach. Such termination shall be effective thirty (30) daysafter delivery to us of written notice that such breach has not been cured andyou elect to terminate this Agreement. An attempted termination of thisAgreement by you except as provided in this Paragraph shall be deemed atermination without cause and a breach of this Agreement. 20 B. This Agreement shall terminate automatically upon delivery ofwritten notice of termination to you, if you or any shareholder, officer,partner, member or manager: 1. Fails to satisfactorily complete the training program,including the opportunity to provide an alternate manager, as provided inParagraph IV of this Agreement; 2. Has made any material misrepresentation or omission in yourapplication for the franchise; 3. Is convicted of or pleads no contest to a felony or othercrime or offense that is likely to adversely affect your reputation, theFranchised Restaurant, or the goodwill associated with the Marks or System; 4. Makes any unauthorized use, disclosure or duplication of anyportion of the Manuals or duplicates or discloses or makes any unauthorized useof any trade secret or confidential information provided to you by us; 5. Abandons or fails or refuses to actively operate theFranchised Restaurant for more than five (5) days in any twelve (12) monthperiod or for more than two (2) consecutive business days in any twelve (12)month period, unless the Franchised Restaurant has been closed for a purposeapproved by us or due to force majeure, or fails to relocate to approvedpremises within an approved period of time following expiration or terminationof the lease for the premises of the Franchised Restaurant; 6. Surrenders or transfers control of the operation of theFranchised Restaurant, makes an unauthorized direct or indirect assignment ofthe franchise or an ownership interest in you or fails or refuses to assign thefranchise or the interest in you of a deceased or disabled controlling ownerthereof as herein required; 7. Submits to us on five (5) or more separate occasions at anytime during the term of this Agreement or on two (2) or more separate occasionsduring any twelve (12) month period any reports or other data, information orsupporting records which understate by more than two percent (2%) the ContinuingFees for any period of, or periods aggregating, three (3) or more months, andyou are unable to demonstrate that such understatements resulted frominadvertent error; 8. Commits any affirmative act of insolvency, or files anypetition or action of insolvency, or for appointment of a receiver or trustee,or makes any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or fails to vacate ordismiss within sixty (60) days after filing any such proceedings commencedagainst you by a third party; 9. Materially misuses or makes an unauthorized use of any Marksor commits any act which can reasonably be expected to materially impair thegoodwill associated with any Marks; 10. Materially misuses or makes an unauthorized use of ourProprietary Software Program; 11. Fails on three (3) or more separate occasions within anyperiod of twelve (12) consecutive months or eight (8) or more separate occasionsat any time during the term of this Agreement to submit when due reports orother information or supporting records, to pay when due the Continuing Fees,advertising contributions, amounts due for purchases from us and our affiliatesor other payments due to us and our affiliates, or otherwise fails to complywith this Agreement, whether or not such failures to comply are corrected; 21 12. Continues after written notice from us and/or any governmentalauthority to violate any health, safety or sanitation law, ordinance orregulation or operates the Franchised Restaurant in a manner that presents ahealth or safety hazard to your customers or the public; 13. Fails to commence operations within nine (9) months afterexecution of this Agreement, or as otherwise required or approved in writing byus; or 14. Defaults under the lease, if any, for the FranchisedRestaurant. C. This Agreement shall terminate at our sole option without furtheraction by us or notice to you if you or your owner: 1. Fails or refuses to make payments of any amounts due to us orour affiliates for Continuing Fees, advertising contributions, purchases from usor our affiliates or any other amounts due to us or our affiliates, and does notcorrect such failure or refusal within ten (10) days after written notice ofsuch failure is delivered to you; 2. Fails or refuses to comply with any other provision of thisAgreement, or any mandatory specification, standard or operating procedureprescribed in the Manuals or otherwise in writing, and does not correct suchfailure within thirty (30) days (or provide proof acceptable to us that you havemade all reasonable efforts to correct such failure and will continue to makeall reasonable efforts to cure until a cure is effected if such failure cannotreasonably be corrected within thirty (30) days) after written notice of suchfailure to comply is delivered to you. 3. Fails to devote your best efforts to adequately represent theFranchised Restaurant in your Designated Area through your sales and serviceefforts and does not correct such failure within thirty (30) days (or provideproof acceptable to us that you have made all reasonable efforts to correct suchfailure and will continue to make all reasonable efforts to cure until a cure iseffected if such failure cannot reasonably be corrected within thirty (30) days)after written notice of such failure to comply is delivered to you. D. To the extent that the provisions of this Agreement provide forperiods of notice less than those required by applicable law, or provide fortermination, cancellation, non-renewal or the like other than in accordance withapplicable law, such provisions shall, to the extent such are not in accordancewith applicable law, not be effective, and we will comply with applicable law inconnection with each of these matters. E. In addition to our right to terminate this Agreement, and not inlieu of such right or any other rights against you, we, in the event that youhave not cured a default under this Agreement within the twenty (20) days afterreceipt of a written notice to cure from us, may, at our option, enter upon thepremises of the Franchised Restaurant and exercise complete authority withrespect to the operation of the Franchised Restaurant until such time as wedetermine that your default has been cured and that there is compliance with therequirements of this Agreement. You specifically acknowledge that ourdesignated representative may take over, control, and operate the FranchisedRestaurant, and that you will pay us a service fee of not less than TWO HUNDREDDollars (200) per day plus all travel expenses, room and board and otherexpenses reasonably incurred by such representative so long as it shall berequired by the representative to enforce compliance herewith. You furtheracknowledge that if, as herein provided, we temporarily operate for you theFranchised Restaurant, you will indemnify, defend and hold us harmless and anyrepresentative of ours who may act hereunder, from any and all claims arisingfrom the operation of the Franchised Restaurant, including without limitation,acts and omissions of us or our representatives. 22XVII. RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF PARTIES UPON EXPIRATION OR TERMINATIONUpon termination or expiration, this Agreement and all rights granted hereunderto you will forthwith terminate, and: A. You will immediately cease to operate the Franchised Restaurantunder this Agreement, and shall not thereafter, directly or indirectly,represent to the public or hold yourself out as a present or former franchiseeof ours. B. Upon our demand, you will assign to us your interest in any leasethen in effect for the Franchised Restaurant premises. C. You will immediately and permanently cease to use, by advertising orin any manner whatsoever, any confidential methods, procedures, and techniquesassociated with the System; the Marks and distinctive forms, slogans, signs,symbols, logos, or devices associated with the System. In particular, you willcease to use, without limitation, all signs, advertising materials, stationery,forms, and any other articles which display the Marks associated with theSystem. D. You will take such action as may be necessary to cancel or assign tous or our designee, at our option, any assumed name rights or equivalentregistration filed with state, city, or county authorities which contains thename "Buffalo Wild Wings," "bw-3" or any Mark, and you will furnish us withevidence satisfactory to us of compliance with this obligation within thirty(30) days after termination or expiration of this Agreement. E. You will, in the event you continue to operate or subsequently beginto operate any other business, not use any reproduction, counterfeit, copy orcolorable imitation of the Marks either in connection with such other businessor the promotion thereof, which is likely to cause confusion, mistake ordeception, or which is likely to dilute our exclusive rights in and to the Marksand will not utilize any designation of origin or description or representationwhich falsely suggests or represents an association or connection with us so asto constitute unfair competition. You will make such modifications oralterations to the premises of the Franchised Restaurant (including, withoutlimitation, the changing of the telephone number) immediately upon terminationor expiration of this Agreement as may be necessary to prevent any associationbetween us or the System and any business thereon subsequently operated by youor others, and will make such specific additional changes thereto as we mayreasonably request for that purpose, including, without limitation, removal ofall distinctive physical and structural features identifying the System. In theevent you fail or refuse to comply with the requirements of this Paragraph XVII,we have the right to enter upon the premises where your Franchised Restaurantwas conducted, without being guilty of trespass or any other tort, for thepurpose of making or causing to be made such changes as may be required at yourexpense, which expense you will pay upon demand. F. You will promptly pay all sums owing to us and our affiliates. Inthe event of termination for any default, such sums will include all damages,costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred by us as aresult of the default. G. You will pay to us all damages, costs and expenses, includingreasonable attorneys fees, incurred by us in obtaining injunctive or otherrelief for the enforcement of any provisions of this Agreement. H. You will immediately return to us at your cost all Manuals, ourProprietary Software Program, customer lists, records, files, instructions,brochures, agreements, disclosure statements, and any and all other materialsprovided by us to you relating to the operation of the Franchised Restaurant(all of which are acknowledged to be our property). 23 I. We will have the right, title and interest to any sign or sign facesbearing the Marks. You hereby acknowledge our right to access the premises ofthe Franchised Restaurant if we elect to take possession of any sign or signfaces bearing the Marks. J. You hereby acknowledge that all telephone numbers used in theoperation of the Franchised Restaurant constitute assets of the FranchisedRestaurant; and upon termination or expiration of this Agreement you willassign to us or our designee, all right, title, and interest in and to yourtelephone numbers and will notify the telephone company and all listing agenciesof the termination or expiration of your right to use any telephone number andany regular, classified or other telephone directory listing associated with theMarks and to authorize a transfer of same to or at our direction. K. We will have the right (but not the duty), to be exercised by noticeof intent to do so within sixty (60) days after termination or expiration, topurchase for cash any or all assets of the Franchised Restaurant, includingleasehold improvements, equipment, supplies, and other inventory, advertisingmaterials, and all items bearing the Marks, at your cost or fair market value,whichever is less. You acknowledge that, pursuant to Paragraph XVII.I. of thisAgreement, all signs and sign faces bearing the Marks are specifically excludedfrom this provision as such signs and sign faces are deemed to be our property.If the parties cannot agree on fair market value within a reasonable time, thedetermination of fair market value shall be determined by an appraiser selectedby us and you. If you and we cannot agree on a single appraiser, each partyshall select one appraiser, who together will select a third appraiser and thefair market value will be the average of the three (3) independent appraisers.Each party will pay their own appraiser and the cost of the third appraiser willbe shared equally by the parties. If we elect to exercise any option topurchase as herein provided, we have the right to set off all amounts due fromyou under this Agreement, if any, against any payment therefor. L. You will comply with the covenants contained in Paragraph XV of thisAgreement.XVIII. TRANSFERABILITY OF INTEREST A. This Agreement and all rights hereunder can be assigned andtransferred by us and, if so, shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit ofour successors and assigns. B. This Agreement, and your rights and obligations under it, are andshall remain personal to you. The term "Transfer" shall mean any sale,assignment, gift, pledge, mortgage or any other encumbrance, transfer bybankruptcy, transfer by judicial order, merger, consolidation, share exchange,transfer by operation of law or otherwise, whether direct or indirect, voluntaryor involuntary, of this Agreement or any interest in it, or any rights orobligations arising under it, or of any material portion of your assets, or ofany interest in you. You (and your shareholders, partners and members) will notdirectly or indirectly make a Transfer without our prior written consent. Wewill not withhold our consent to a Transfer, subject to all of the followingconditions being satisfied: 1. You are in full compliance with this Agreement, you have nouncured defaults, all your fees, debts and financial obligations to us, ouraffiliates and the Fund are current, and you are current in your required localadvertising expenditures; 2. You execute a written agreement in a form satisfactory to usin which you and your owners covenant to observe all applicable post-termobligations and covenants contained in this Agreement; 3. The proposed transferee enters into a written agreement in aform satisfactory to us assuming and agreeing to discharge all of yourobligations and covenants under this Agreement for the remainder of its term or,at our option, execute our then-current standard form of franchise agreement(which 24may provide for different fees, advertising requirements, duration, and otherrights and obligations from those provided in this Agreement); 4. The proposed transferee agrees in writing to perform suchmaintenance, remodeling and re-equipping of the Restaurant that we determinenecessary to bring the Restaurant in compliance with our then-current standards; 5. Prior to the date of the proposed Transfer, the proposedtransferees management team successfully completes such training andinstruction as we deem necessary; 6. We are satisfied that the proposed transferee (and if theproposed transferee is an entity, all holders of any interest in such entity)meets all of the requirements for our new franchisees applicable on the date wereceive notice of the proposed transfer and including, but not limited to, goodreputation and character, business experience, restaurant management experience,and financial strength and liquidity; 7. You and all holders of an interest in you execute a generalrelease, in the form prescribed by us, releasing, to the fullest extentpermitted by law, all claims that you or any of your investors may have againstus and our affiliates, including our and their respective shareholders,officers, directors and employees, in both their individual and corporatecapacities; 8. You pay us a transfer fee equal to one-half (1/2) of thethen-current Initial Franchise Fee; and 9. We waive our right of first refusal under Paragraph XX. C. Application for our consent to a transfer and tender of the right offirst refusal provided for in Paragraph XX, will be accompanied by the documents(including a copy of the proposed purchase or other transfer agreement) or otherinformation required by us. Any agreement used in connection with a transferincluding a lease or management agreement, shall be subject to our prior writtenlapproval. D. In the event you are a corporation, partnership, limited liabilitycompany or other entity, any transfer of stock (or other form of ownershipinterest) constituting a controlling interest in you will be subject to theconsent, right of first refusal, transfer fee and all other applicableprovisions of this Agreement. For purposes of this Paragraph XVIII, any changein the percentage you owned, directly or indirectly, by any person or entity whodirectly or indirectly owns an interest in you (including any addition ordeletion of any such person or entity) which results in a change in forty-ninepercent (49%) or more of your ownership or any series of changes in thepercentage you owned, directly or indirectly, by any such person or entity(including any addition or deletion of any such person or entity) which resultswithin a period of three (3) years in any change in forty-nine percent (49%) ormore of your ownership shall be deemed a transfer of a controlling interest inyou. Any individual transfer of an interest less than a controlling interest inyou or the Franchised Restaurant must have our prior written consent, which willnot be unreasonably withheld, but will not be subject to our right of firstrefusal or the payment of the transfer fee. You will however, reimburse us forits out-of-pocket expenses incurred in approving the transfers including ourattorneys fees. Any person who acquires any interest in you, this Agreement orthe Franchised Restaurant must execute the Owner Agreement attached as EXHIBIT Ato this Agreement. E. You will not, without our prior written consent, place in, on orupon the location of the Franchised Restaurant, or in any communication media,any form of advertising, or list with any business, real estate broker, agent,or attorney any information relating to the sale of the Franchised Restaurant orthe rights granted hereunder. 25XIX. YOUR DEATH OR INCAPACITY A. In the event of your death or incapacity, or the death or incapacityof any partner, any shareholder owning fifty percent (50%) or more of yourcapital stock, or any Member who owns a majority interest in a limited liabilitycompany, the heirs, beneficiaries, devisees, or legal representatives of saidindividual, partner or shareholders shall, within one hundred eighty (180) daysof such event: 1. Apply to us for the right to continue to operate the franchisefor the duration of the term of this Agreement and any renewals hereof, whichright shall be granted upon the fulfillment of all of the conditions set forthin Paragraph XVIII. of this Agreement (except that no transfer fee shall berequired); or 2. Sell, assign, transfer, or convey your interest in compliancewith the provisions of Paragraphs XVIII and XX of this Agreement; provided,however, in the event a proper and timely application for the right to continueto operate has been made and rejected, the one hundred eighty (180) days tosell, assign, transfer or convey shall be computed from the date of saidrejection. For purposes of this Paragraph, our silence on an application madepursuant to Paragraph XIX.A.1. through the one hundred and eighty (180) daysfollowing the event of death or incapacity shall be deemed a rejection made onthe last day of such period. B. In the event of the death or incapacity of an individual franchisee,or any partner or shareholder of you which is a partnership or corporation,where the aforesaid provisions of Paragraph XVIII have not been fulfilled withinthe time provided, all rights licensed to you under this Agreement shall, at ouroption, terminate forthwith and we will have the option to purchase the assetsof the Franchised Restaurant in accordance with Paragraph XVII.K. herein.XX. RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL If you or your owners propose to sell the Franchised Restaurant (or itsassets) or a controlling interest in the ownership of you as defined inParagraph XVIII, you or your owners will obtain and deliver a bona fide,executed written offer to purchase same to us, which shall, for a period ofthirty (30) days from the date of delivery of such offer to us, have the right,exercisable by written notice to you or your owners, to purchase the FranchisedRestaurant, (its assets) or an ownership interest in you for the price and onthe terms and conditions contained in such offer, provided that we maysubstitute cash for any form of payment proposed in such offer. If we do notexercise this right of first refusal, you may accept the offer, subject to ourprior written approval, as provided in Paragraph XVIII hereof, provided that ifsuch offer is not so accepted within six (6) months of the date thereof, we willagain have the right of first refusal herein described.XXI. OPERATION IN THE EVENT OF ABSENCE, DISABILITY OR DEATH In order to prevent any interruption of the Franchised Restaurant whichwould cause harm to the Franchised Restaurant and thereby depreciate the valuethereof, you authorize us, in the event that you are absent or incapacitated byreason of illness or death and are not, therefore, in our sole judgment, able tooperate the Franchised Restaurant, to operate the Franchised Restaurant for solong as we deem necessary and practical, and without waiver of any other rightsor remedies we may have under this Agreement. Provided, however, that we shallnot be obligated to so operate the Franchised Restaurant. All monies from theoperation of the business during such period of operation by us shall be kept ina separate account and the expenses of the Franchised Restaurant, includingreasonable compensation and expenses for our representative, shall be charged tosaid account. If, as herein provided, we temporarily operate for you theFranchised Restaurant, you will indemnify and hold us harmless and anyrepresentative of ours who may act hereunder, from any and all claims arisingfrom 26the operation of the Franchised Restaurant, including, without limitation, ouracts and omissions and acts and omissions of our representatives.XXII. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AND INDEMNIFICATION A. This Agreement does not make, appoint or constitute you as ouragent, legal representative, joint venturer, partner, employee, or servant forany purpose whatsoever. You cannot represent to third parties that you are ouragent and it is understood between the parties that you will be an independentcontractor who is in no way authorized to make any contract, agreement, warrantyor representation on our behalf, or to create any obligation, express orimplied, on our behalf. As an independent entrepreneur, you are solelyresponsible for the control, management and day-to-day operation of theFranchised Restaurant, including but not limited to, such matters as determiningthe prices at which you will offer and sell approved products and services,hiring and discharging your employees and setting and paying wages and benefitsof your employees and that we will have no power, responsibility or liabilitywith respect to such pricing, hiring, discharging, setting and paying of wagesor related matters. All standards of quality and performance, including thoselisted in Paragraph XII, are established to promote and protect the value of theMarks and the System and to insure optimum quality control as to products andservices. You alone are responsible for the food production and preparation atthe Franchised Restaurant. B. You will prominently display, by posting of a sign within publicview, on or in the premises of the Franchised Restaurant, a statement thatclearly indicates that the Franchised Restaurant is independently owned andoperated by you as a franchisee and not as an agent. C. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us and our affiliatesharmless from and against any and all claims, losses, damages and liabilities,however caused, arising directly or indirectly from, as a result of, or inconnection with, the use and operation of the Franchised Restaurant, as well asthe costs, including attorneys fees, of defending against them (hereinafter are"Franchise Claims"). Franchise Claims include, but are not limited to, thosearising from any death, personal injury or property damage (whether causedwholly or in part through our active or passive negligence), latent, or otherdefects in the Franchised Restaurant, or your employment practices. In theevent a Franchise Claim is made against us, we reserve the right in our solediscretion to select our own legal counsel to represent our interests and youwill reimburse us for our attorneys fees immediately upon our request as theyare incurred.XXIII. MISCELLANEOUS A. Our failure to exercise any power reserved to us hereunder, or toinsist upon strict compliance by you with any obligation or condition hereunder,and any custom or practice of the parties in variance with the terms hereof,shall not constitute a waiver of our right to demand exact compliance with theterms hereof. Our waiver of any default by you shall not be binding unless inwriting and executed by us and shall not affect or impair our right with respectto any subsequent default of the same or of a different nature. B. Any and all notices required or permitted under this Agreement shallbe in writing and shall be personally delivered, mailed by certified mail,return receipt requested, or sent overnight courier to the respective parties atthe following addresses unless and until a different address has been designatedby written notice to the other party:Notices to Us: bw-3 FRANCHISE SYSTEMS, INC. 1919 Interchange Tower 600 South Highway 169 Minneapolis, Minnesota 55426 27Copy to Mary Beth Brody, Esq. Fredrikson Byron, P.A. 1100 International Centre 900 Second Avenue South Minneapolis, MN 55402Notices to You: At the address specified on of this Agreement.Copy to: ------------------------------- ------------------------------- -------------------------------Any notice by certified mail shall be deemed to have been given at the date andtime of mailing. If you fail to provide us with written notice of allegedbreach of this Agreement or any other legal claims within one (1) year from thedate that you have knowledge of or becomes aware of such breach or grounds forclaim, then the alleged breach or claim shall be deemed waived. C. In the event either party brings an action to enforce the terms ofthis Agreement or to enjoin the violation of any of its terms and prevails, suchparty shall be entitled to recover all litigation costs including attorneysfees. D. This Agreement and the Exhibits attached shall be construed togetherand constitute the entire, full and complete agreement between the partiesconcerning the subject matter hereof, and supersede all prior agreements. Noother representation has induced you to execute this Agreement, and there are norepresentations, inducements, promises, or agreements, oral or otherwise,between the parties not embodied herein, which are of any force or effect withreference to this Agreement or otherwise. No amendment, change or variance fromthis Agreement shall be binding on either party unless executed in writing,signed by both parties. E. Each Paragraph, part, term and/or provision of this Agreement shallbe considered severable, and if, for any reason, any Paragraph, part, termand/or provision herein is determined to be invalid and contrary to, or inconflict with any existing or future law or regulation, such shall not impairthe operation of or affect the remaining portions, sections, parts, terms and/orprovisions of this Agreement, and the latter will continue to be given fullforce and effect and bind the parties hereto; and said invalid sections, parts,terms and/or provisions shall be reformed to most nearly implement theintentions of the parties hereto or, if reformation is not possible, be deemednot part of this Agreement; provided, however, that if we determine that saidfinding of illegality adversely affects the basic consideration of thisAgreement, we may, at our option, terminate this Agreement. Anything to thecontrary herein notwithstanding, nothing in this Agreement is intended, norshall be deemed, to confer upon any person or legal entity other than you and usand such of their respective successors and assigns as may be contemplated bythis Agreement, any rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement.XXIV. APPLICABLE LAW A. THIS AGREEMENT TAKES EFFECT UPON ITS ACCEPTANCE AND EXECUTION BY US,AND SHALL BE INTERPRETED AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE IN WHICH THEFRANCHISED RESTAURANT IS LOCATED, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT GOVERNED BY THE UNITEDSTATES TRADEMARK ACT OF 1946 (LANHAM ACT, 15, U.S.C. SECTIONS 1051 ET SEQ). YOUAGREE THAT ANY DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US, bw-3, INC. OR OUR OTHER AFFILIATESSHALL ALSO BE CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE IN WHICH THE FRANCHISEDRESTAURANT IS LOCATED. 28 B. ANY ACTION SOUGHT TO BE BROUGHT BY EITHER PARTY OR ANY ACTIONBROUGHT BY YOU AGAINST OUR PARENT OR OTHER AFFILIATE, SHALL BE BROUGHT IN THEUNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OR THE STATE DISTRICT COURT IN THE STATE IN WHICHOUR COMPANY HEADQUARTERS ARE LOCATED. AS OF THE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT, THELOCATION IS HENNEPIN COUNTY, MINNESOTA. THE PARTIES DO HEREBY WAIVE ALLQUESTIONS OF PERSONAL JURISDICTION OR VENUE FOR THE PURPOSES OF CARRYING OUTTHIS PROVISION. C. NO RIGHT OR REMEDY CONFERRED UPON OR RESERVED TO US OR YOU BY THISAGREEMENT IS INTENDED TO BE, NOR SHALL BE DEEMED, EXCLUSIVE OF ANY OTHER RIGHTOR REMEDY HEREIN OR BY LAW OR EQUITY PROVIDED OR PERMITTED, BUT EACH SHALL BECUMULATIVE OF EVERY OTHER RIGHT OR REMEDY. D. NOTHING HEREIN CONTAINED SHALL BAR OUR RIGHT TO OBTAIN INJUNCTIVERELIEF AGAINST THREATENED CONDUCT THAT WILL CAUSE US LOSS OR DAMAGES, UNDER THEUSUAL EQUITY RULES, INCLUDING THE APPLICABLE RULES FOR OBTAINING RESTRAININGORDERS AND PRELIMINARY INJUNCTIONS.XXV. DISPUTE RESOLUTION A. The parties have entered into this Agreement in good faith and inthe belief that it is mutually advantageous to them. It is with that samespirit of cooperation that they pledge to attempt to resolve any disputeamicably without the necessity of litigation. Accordingly, they agree thatexcept as set forth below, if any dispute arises between them relating to thisAgreement that prior to the commencement of any legal action to interpret orenforce this Agreement, they will first use the procedures specified in thisSection. B. The party seeking to initiate the procedure shall give writtennotice to the other party, describing in general terms the nature of thedispute, the claim for relief and identifying one or more individuals withauthority to settle the dispute on such partys behalf. The party receivingsuch notice shall have ten (10) business days within which to designate bywritten notice one or more individuals with authority to settle the dispute onsuch partys behalf. C. The authorized individuals shall be entitled to make suchinvestigation of the dispute as they deem appropriate, but agree to meetpromptly, and in no event later than thirty (30) days from the date of theinitial written notice, to discuss resolution of the dispute. The authorizedindividuals shall meet at such times and places and with such frequency as theymay agree. If the dispute has not been resolved within thirty (30) days fromthe date of their initial meeting, the parties shall cease direct negotiationsand shall submit the dispute to mediation in accordance with the followingprocedure. D. The authorized individuals shall have five (5) business days fromthe date they cease direct negotiations to submit to each other a written listof acceptable qualified mediators not affiliated with any of the parties.Within five (5) days from the date of receipt of such list, the authorizedindividuals shall rank the mediators in numerical order of preference andexchange such rankings. If one or more names are on both lists, the highestranking person shall be designated as the mediator. If no mediator has beenselected under this procedure, the parties agree jointly to request the localadministrative judge of the County in which our corporate headquarters aresituated to supply within ten (10) business days a list of potential qualifiedmediators. Within five (5) business days of receipt of the list, the partiesshall again rank the proposed mediators in numerical order of preference andshall simultaneously exchange such lists and shall select as the mediator theindividual 29receiving the highest combined ranking. If such mediator is not available toserve, they shall proceed to contact the mediator who was next highest inranking until they are able to select a mediator. E. In consultation with the mediator selected, the parties shallpromptly designate a mutually convenient time and place for the mediation, andunless circumstances require otherwise, such time is to be not later thanforty-five (45) days after selection of the mediator. In the event any party tothis Agreement has substantial need for information in the possession of anotherparty to this Agreement in order to prepare for the mediation, all parties shallattempt in good faith to agree on procedures for the expeditious exchange ofsuch information, with the help of the mediator if required. At least seven (7)days prior to the first scheduled session of the mediation, each party shalldeliver to the mediator and to the other party a concise written summary of itsviews on the matter in dispute, and such other matters required by the mediator.The mediator may also request that a confidential issue paper be submitted tohim by each party. F. In the mediation, each party shall be represented by an authorizedindividual and may be represented by counsel. In addition, each party may, withpermission of the mediator, bring such additional persons as are needed torespond to questions, contribute information and participate in thenegotiations. G. The mediator shall determine the format for the meetings, designedto assure that both the mediator and the authorized individuals have anopportunity to hear an oral presentation of each partys views on the matter indispute, and that the authorized parties attempt to negotiate a resolution ofthe matter in dispute, with or without the assistance of counsel or others, butwith the assistance of the mediator. To this end, the mediator is authorized toconduct both joint meetings and separate private caucuses with the parties. Themediation session shall be private. The mediator will keep confidential allinformation learned in private caucus with any party unless specificallyauthorized by such party to make disclosure of the information to the otherparty. The parties agree to sign a document agreeing that the mediator shall begoverned by the provisions of the local Rules of Civil Procedure and such otherrules as the mediator shall prescribe. The parties commit to participate in theproceedings in good faith with the intention of resolving the dispute, if at allpossible. H. The parties agree to participate in the mediation procedure to itsconclusion. The mediation shall be terminated (i) by the execution of asettlement agreement by the parties, (ii) by a declaration of the mediator thatthe mediation is terminated, or (iii) by a written declaration of a party to theeffect that the mediation process is terminated at the conclusion of one fulldays mediation session. Even if the mediation is terminated without aresolution of the dispute, the parties agree not to terminate negotiations andnot to commence any legal action or seek other remedies prior to the expirationof five (5) days following the mediation. The fees and expenses of the mediatorshall be shared equally by the parties. The mediator shall be disqualified as awitness, consultant, expert or counsel for any party with respect to the disputeand any related matters. I. Mediation is a compromise negotiation for purposes of the Federaland State Rules of Evidence and constitutes privileged communication. Theentire mediation process is confidential, and no stenographic, visual or audiorecord shall be made. All conduct, statements, promises, offers, views andopinions, whether oral or written, made in the course of the mediation by anyparty, by their agents, employees, representatives or other invitees and by themediator are confidential and shall, in addition and where appropriate, bedeemed to be privileged. Such conduct, statements, promises, offers, views andopinions shall not be discoverable or admissible for any purposes, includingimpeachment, in any litigation or other proceeding involving the parties, andshall not be disclosed to anyone not an agent, employee, expert, witness, orrepresentative of any of the parties; provided however, that evidence otherwisediscoverable or admissible is not excluded from discovery or admission as aresult of its use in the mediation. 30 J. Nothing herein contained shall bar our right to seek and obtaintemporary injunctive relief from a court of competent jurisdiction in accordancewith applicable law against any conduct or threatened conduct by you which couldimpair the goodwill associated with the Marks. K. The parties (and their respective owners) agree to waive, to thefullest extent permitted by law, the right to or claim for any punitive orexemplary damages against the other and agree that in the event of a disputebetween them, each will be limited to the recovery of actual damages sustained.XXVI. OWNER AGREEMENT The franchisee ("you") includes all persons who succeed to the interestof the original franchisee by permitted transfer or operation of law and shallbe deemed to include not only the individual or entity described in theintroductory paragraph of this Agreement but shall also include all partners ifyou are a partnership, all shareholders if you are a corporation and all membersif you are a limited liability company. By their signatures hereto, all of yourofficers, partners, members and managers acknowledge and accept the duties andobligations imposed upon each of them, individually, by the terms of thisAgreement. All partners, all shareholders, or all members, as the case may be,and your restaurant manager must execute the Owner Agreement attached as EXHIBITA and made a part hereof.XXVII. ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS A. You acknowledge that the success of the business venturecontemplated to be undertaken by you by virtue of this Agreement is speculativeand depends, to a large extent, upon your ability as an independentbusinessperson, and your participation in the daily affairs of the business aswell as other factors. We do not make any representation or warranty, expressor implied, as to the potential success of the business venture contemplatedhereby. B. You acknowledge that other of our franchisees have been or will begranted franchises at different times and in different situations, and furtheracknowledges that the provisions of such franchises may vary substantially fromthose contained in this Agreement. C. You represent and acknowledge that you have received, read andunderstood this Agreement and our Uniform Franchise Offering Circular, and thatwe have fully and adequately explained the provisions of each to yoursatisfaction, and that we have accorded you ample time and opportunity toconsult with advisors of your own choosing about the potential benefits andrisks of entering into this Agreement. D. You and each agent signing on your behalf acknowledge that theofficers, partners, members and/or managers who are signing this Agreement onyour behalf are authorized to execute the Agreement and bind you to its terms. 31 E. It is contemplated that the parties may execute this Agreement ondifferent dates. The date of execution and the commencement of the term of thisAgreement shall take place on the date this Agreement is executed by us. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, intending to be legally boundhereby, have duly executed and delivered this Agreement in duplicate the day andyear first above written. FRANCHISOR:ATTEST: BW-3 FRANCHISE SYSTEMS, INC. By- ------------------------------ ------------------------------------------Witness Its ---------------------------------------- FRANCHISEE:ATTEST: -------------------------------------------- By- ------------------------------ ------------------------------------------Witness Its ----------------------------------------ATTEST: By- ------------------------------ ------------------------------------------Witness Its ---------------------------------------- 32 EXHIBIT A BUFFALO WILD WINGS OWNER AGREEMENT As a condition to the granting by bw-3 Franchise Systems, Inc. ("we" or"us") of an Area Development Agreement and/or one or more Franchise Agreementsexecuted (collectively the "Agreements") providing certain rights relating toBuffalo Wild Wings Restaurants (the "Restaurants") to ________________________________________ ("Franchisee"), each of the undersigned individuals ("you"),who constitute each beneficial holder of an interest in the Franchisee,covenants and agrees to be bound by the terms and restrictions of this Agreement("Agreement"): 1. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS. Each of you, jointly and severally, represents andwarrants to us: A. That you are the holders of all equity, voting and otherinterests in Franchisee and/or all options, warrants and rights to acquire aninterest in Franchisee and that the address and telephone number set forth nextto your name below are accurate and complete and you will immediately advise usof any change in the information and we may use or distribute the same asrequired by law, including in our Uniform Franchise Offering Circular; B. That Franchisee is a corporation, limited liability company orpartnership, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under thelaws of the State of ____________________, and that Franchisee is qualified todo business in the state where the Restaurant(s) are to be located; C. It is a condition to the granting of the franchise toFranchisee that you enter into this Agreement and we have entered into theAgreements in reliance upon your agreement to do so, and will continue to do so; D. That, as Franchisees owners, you have received adequateconsideration to support your execution of this Agreement. 2. CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENTS. A. IN TERM COVENANT NOT-TO-COMPETE. Each of you agrees thatduring the period Franchisee operates any Buffalo Wild Wings and/or bw-3Restaurants, or has any beneficial interest therein, or holds any rights todevelop one or more such Restaurants (including all renewal periods) you shallnot directly or indirectly on your own account or as an employee, consultant,partner, officer, director, shareholder or member of any person, firm, entity,partnership, corporation or company, own, operate, lease franchise, engage in,be connected with, have any interest in, or assist any person or entity engagedin: 1) any restaurant business, 2) any prepared food business, or 3) any otherbusiness which sells prepared food products the same or similar as the type soldin our System. B. POST TERM COVENANT NOT-TO-COMPETE. Each of you agrees thatfor a two-year period after Franchisee ceases to have any interest in anyRestaurants or any rights to develop Restaurants, regardless of the reasons suchinterest ceases or terminates, you will not directly or indirectly on your ownaccount or as an employee, consultant, partner, officer, director, shareholderor member of any person, firm, entity, partnership, corporation or company, ownoperate, lease franchise, engage in, be connected with, have any interest in, orassist any person or entity engaged in: 1) any restaurant business, 2) anyprepared food business, or 3) any other business which sells prepared foodproducts the same or similar as the type sold in our System; which is located ator within a ten (10) mile radius of your former Franchised Restaurant or anyBuffalo Wild Wings or bw-3 Restaurant. 33 C. APPROPRIATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION. Except aspermitted under the Agreements, you will not at any time use, copy or duplicatethe System or any aspect thereof, or any of our trade secrets, recipes, methodsof operation, processes, formulas, advertising, marketing, designs, plans,software, programs, know-how or other proprietary ideas or information, nor willyou convey, divulge, make available or communicate such information to any thirdparty or assist others in using, copying or duplicating any of the foregoing. D. INFRINGEMENT; VALIDITY OF MARKS AND COPYRIGHTS; REGISTRATIONS.You will not at any time commit any act that would infringe upon or impair thevalue of the System or the Marks, nor will you engage in any business or marketany product or service under a name, mark, or design that is confusingly ordeceptively similar to any of the Marks. You agree that you will not, at anytime directly or indirectly challenge or contest the validity of, or take anyaction to jeopardize our rights in or ownership of, any of the Marks or anyregistration of a Mark or any copyrighted work. If you violate this provision,we shall be entitled to all equitable, monetary, punitive and any other reliefthat may be available under applicable law, as well as the recovery of allcosts, expenses and attorneys fees incurred by us as a result of suchviolation. E. SOLICITATION OF EMPLOYEES. You agree that from and after thedate hereof, you will not solicit, entice, induce to leave employment or hiredirectly or indirectly, any person who has been employed by us or by ouraffiliates or franchisees within the previous twelve (12) month period. F. TRADE SECRETS AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. You understandand agree that we have disclosed or may disclose to you certain confidential orproprietary information and trade secrets. Except as necessary in connectionwith the operation of the Restaurant and as approved by us, you shall not, atany time (during or after term), regardless of the cause of termination,directly or indirectly, use for your own benefit or communicate or divulge to,or use for the benefit of any other person or entity, any trade secrets,confidential information, knowledge or know-how concerning the recipes, foodproducts, advertising, marketing, designs, plans, software, programs or methodsof operation of the Restaurant or the System. You shall disclose to youremployees only such confidential, proprietary or trade secret information as isnecessary to operate your business hereunder and then only while this Agreementis in effect. Any and all information, knowledge, or know-how, includingwithout limitation, drawings, materials, equipment, marketing, recipes and otherdata, that we designate under the Agreements as secret or confidential shall bedeemed secret and confidential for purposes of this Agreement. G. REASONABLENESS OF SCOPE AND DURATION. You agree that thecovenants and agreements contained in Section 2 are, taken as a whole,reasonable with respect to the activities covered and their geographic scope andduration, and no party shall raise any issue of the reasonableness of the areas,activities or duration of any such covenants in any proceeding to enforce anysuch covenants. Each of you acknowledge and agree that you have other skillsand resources and that the restrictions contained in this Section will nothinder your activities or ability to make a living either under the Agreement orin general. H. ENFORCEABILITY. Each of you agree that we may not beadequately compensated by damages for a breach of any of the covenants andagreements contained herein, and that we shall, in addition to all otherremedies, be entitled to injunctive relief and specific performance. Thecovenants and agreements contained in this Section 2 shall be construed asseparate covenants and agreements, and if any court shall finally determine thatthe restraints provided for in any such covenants and agreements are too broadas to the area, activity or time covered, said area, activity or time coveredmay be reduced to whatever extent the court deems reasonable, and such covenantsand agreements shall be enforced as to such reduced area, activity or time. Tothe extent required by the laws of the state in which the Restaurant is located,the duration or the geographic areas included within the foregoing covenants, orboth, shall be deemed amended in accordance with Section 2. 34 3. GUARANTY. A. GUARANTY. Each of you personally and unconditionally guarantyto us and to our parent and other affiliates, as well as any of their successorsor assigns, the punctual payment when due of all sums, indebtedness andliabilities of every kind and nature that Franchisee may now or in the futureowe to any of us (including interest, and all attorneys fees, costs andexpenses incurred by any of us in collection). B. COVENANTS AND ACKNOWLEDGMENTS. Each of you covenant and agreethat: (1) liability under this guaranty shall be joint and several; (2) thatthis is a guaranty of payment and not of collection and you shall render anypayment required under the Agreements or this guaranty upon demand; (3) thisguaranty shall extend to all amounts you may now or in the future owe to any ofus, whether pursuant to the Agreements, another agreement with us or otherwise;(4) your liability under this guaranty shall not be contingent or conditionedupon pursuit by us of any remedies against Franchisee or any of you; (5) yourliability hereunder shall not be diminished, relieved, or otherwise affected byany extension of time, credit, or other indulgence or waiver that we may fromtime to time grant to Franchisee or to any of you, including, withoutlimitation, the acceptance of partial payment or performance, the compromise orrelease of any claims, the release of any other guarantor, or our consent to anytransfer or assignment of the franchise or any interest therein and expresslyreserve all rights that we may have against you. C. TERM OF GUARANTY. This guaranty and your obligations under itshall continue in effect so long as you operate any Buffalo Wild Wing Restaurantor hold any beneficial interest therein and for a one (1) year periodthereafter. Further, this guaranty shall be extended during any period in which(1) any of us is involved in any judicial or administrative process withFranchisee or any of you (i) to collect any amounts owed us by you, or (ii) toenforce the terms of this guaranty, or (2) any bankruptcy or similar proceedinginvolving Franchisee or any of you. Your obligations under this guaranty shallremain in full force and effect without regard to, and shall not be released,discharged or in any way modified or affected by, any circumstance or conditionof Franchisee (whether or not you shall have any knowledge or notice thereof),including, without limitation, bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,composition, liquidation or similar proceeding or any action taken by anytrustee or receiver or by any court in any such proceeding. D. WAIVERS. Each of you waives notice of demand, notice ofprotest, nonpayment or default, and all other notices to which Franchisee or youmay be entitled, and all suretyship and guarantors defenses generally and anyand all other notices and legal or equitable defenses to which you may beentitled. You waive all exemptions to which you may now or hereafter beentitled under the laws of this or any other state or of the United States. Youwaive any right that you may have to require that an action be brought againstFranchisee or any other payments and claims for reimbursement or subrogationthat you may have against Franchisee arising as a result of your execution andperformance of this guaranty. E. ASSIGNMENT. This guaranty is personal to you and theobligations and duties imposed in it may not be delegated or assigned; provided,this guaranty shall be binding upon your successors, assigns, estates andpersonal representatives. This guaranty shall inure to our benefit, and thebenefit of our affiliates, successors and assigns. F. ENFORCEMENT. If any one or more provisions in this guarantyshall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in anyrespect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect anyother provision hereof and this guaranty shall be construed to bind you to themaximum extent permitted by law that is subsumed within the terms of suchprovision as though it were separately articulated herein. 35 4. COVENANT NOT TO TRANSFER INTERESTS. The Agreements, and your rightsand obligations under them, are and shall remain personal to you. Any proposedtransfer by you (regardless of the form of transfer) shall be subject to thesame terms and conditions contained in the Franchise Agreement. As used herein,the term "Transfer" shall mean any sale, assignment, gift, pledge, mortgage orany other encumbrance, transfer by bankruptcy, transfer by judicial order,merger, consolidation, share exchange, transfer by operation of law orotherwise, whether direct or indirect, voluntary or involuntary, of theAgreements or any interest in any of them or any rights or obligations arisingunder them, or of any material portion of the business assets, or of anyinterest in the Franchisee. Each of you agree and covenant that you will not atany time during which Franchisee is a Buffalo Wild Wings/bw-3 franchisee and/ordeveloper, directly or indirectly, voluntarily or involuntarily, make anyTransfer, unless you first obtain our written approval in compliance with thesame provisions applicable to a transfer by you as set forth in the Agreements.You shall cause all stock certificates (or other documents evidencing aninterest or right to acquire an interest) issued by Franchisee to bear a legendindicating that such stock (or other documents) is subject to the restrictionsprovided for in the applicable Agreement. 5. MISCELLANEOUS. A. CAPITALIZED TERMS. For purposes of this Agreement, allcapitalized terms shall have the same meaning as those terms are defined in theFranchise Agreement. B. DISPUTES. Disputes under this Agreement shall be resolved inthe same manner as provided under the Franchise Agreement. You expresslyacknowledge that the provisions of the Franchise Agreement pertaining tomediation, venue, applicable law, time periods and limitations govern anydisputes between us and you. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of you have signed this Agreement on the dateset forth opposite your signature.Signature: Date: -------------------------- -------------------Name: -------------------------------Address: ----------------------------- ------------------------------------- ------------------------------------Percentage Interest: ----------Signature: Date: -------------------------- -------------------Name: -------------------------------Address: ----------------------------- ------------------------------------- ------------------------------------Percentage Interest: ----------Signature: Date: -------------------------- -------------------Name: -------------------------------Address: ----------------------------- ------------------------------------- ------------------------------------Percentage Interest: ----------Signature: Date: -------------------------- ------------------- 36Name: -------------------------------Address: ----------------------------- ------------------------------------- ------------------------------------Percentage Interest: ----------Signature: Date: -------------------------- -------------------Name: -------------------------------Address: ----------------------------- ------------------------------------- ------------------------------------Percentage Interest: ----------TO BE COMPLETED IF MANAGER IS NOT AN OWNER.I represent and acknowledge that I am the Manager of a Restaurant and that Iagree to be bound by the provisions of Section 2 of this Agreement.MANAGERSignature: Date: -------------------------- -------------------Name: -------------------------------Address: ----------------------------- ------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ 37 EXHIBIT B DESCRIPTION OF DESIGNATED AREAFRANCHISOR: FRANCHISEE:BW-3 FRANCHISE SYSTEMS, INC. ------------------------------------By By ---------------------------------- ---------------------------------- Its Its ----------------------------- ------------------------------ By ---------------------------------- Its ------------------------------ 38 EXHIBIT C ADDENDUM TO LEASE THIS ADDENDUM TO LEASE, dated ______________, 199__, is entered into byand between _______________________("Lessor"), and __________________________("Lessee"). RECITALS: A. The parties hereto have entered into a certain Lease Agreement,dated _____________, 199__, and pertaining to the premises located at ___________________________________________ (the "Lease"). B. Lessor acknowledges that Lessee intends to operate a Restaurant fromthe leased premises (the "Premises") pursuant to a Franchise Agreement (the"Franchise Agreement") with bw-3 Franchise Systems, Inc. ("bw-3") under the name"Buffalo Wild Wings" or other name designated by bw-3 ("Franchised Restaurant"). C. The parties now desire to amend the Lease in accordance with theterms and conditions contained herein. AGREEMENT: NOW, THEREFORE, it is hereby mutually covenanted and agreed betweenLessor and Lessee as follows: 1. REMODELING AND DECOR. Lessor agrees that Lessee shall have theright to remodel, equip, paint and decorate the interior of the Premises and todisplay such proprietary marks and signs on the interior and exterior of thePremises as Lessee is reasonably required to do pursuant to the FranchiseAgreement and any successor Franchise Agreement under which Lessee may operate aFranchised Restaurant on the Premises. 2. ASSIGNMENT. Lessee shall have the right to assign all of its right,title and interest in the Lease to bw-3 or any affiliate of bw-3 at any timeduring the term of the Lease, including any extensions or renewals thereof,without first obtaining Lessors consent. However, no assignment shall beeffective until such time as bw-3 or its designated affiliate gives Lessorwritten notice of its acceptance of such assignment, and nothing containedherein or in any other document shall constitute bw-3 or its designatedaffiliate a party to the Lease, or guarantor thereof, and shall not create anyliability or obligation of bw-3 or any affiliate of bw-3 unless and until theLease is assigned to, and accepted in writing by, bw-3 or its designatedaffiliate. In the event of an assignment, Lessee shall remain liable under theterms of the Lease. 3. DEFAULT AND NOTICE. (a) In the event there is a default or violation by Lessee under the terms of the Lease, Lessor shall give Lessee and bw-3 written notice of such default or violation within a reasonable time after Lessor receives knowledge of its occurrence. bw-3 will notify Lessor whether it intends to cure the default and take an automatic assignment of Lessees interest as provided in Paragraph 4(a). bw-3 will have an additional fifteen (15) days in which to cure the default or violation. (b) All notices to bw-3 shall be sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to the following address: bw-3 Franchise Systems, Inc. 1919 Interchange Tower 600 South Highway 169 Minneapolis, MN 55426 39 Attention: Chief Financial Officerbw-3 may change its address for receiving notices by giving Lessor writtennotice of such new address. Lessor agrees that it will notify both Lessee andbw-3 of any change in Lessors mailing address to which notices should be sent. 4. TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION. (a) Upon the expiration or termination of either the Lease or the Franchise Agreement, bw-3 will, at its option, have the right (but not the requirement) to take an automatic assignment of Lessees interest. (b) Upon the expiration or termination of either the Lease or the Franchise Agreement, Landlord will cooperate with and assist us in gaining possession of premises and if bw-3 does not elect to take an assignment of the Lessees interest, Lessor will allow bw-3 to enter the Premises, without being guilty of trespass and without incurring any liability to Lessor, to remove all signs, awnings, and all other items identifying the Premises as a Franchised Restaurant and to make such other modifications (such as repainting) as are reasonably necessary to protect the bw-3 marks and system, and to distinguish the Premises from Franchised Restaurants. In the event bw-3 exercises its option to purchase assets of Lessee, Lessor shall permit bw-3 to remove all such assets being purchased by bw-3. 5. CONSIDERATION; NO LIABILITY. (a) Lessor hereby acknowledges that the provisions of this Addendum to Lease are required pursuant to the Franchise Agreement under which Lessee plans to operate its business and the Lessee would not lease the Premises without this Addendum. (b) Lessor further acknowledges that Lessee is not an agent or employee of bw-3 and the Lessee has no authority or power to act for, or to create any liability on behalf of, or to in any way bind bw-3 or any affiliate of bw-3, and that Lessor has entered into this Addendum to Lease with full understanding that it creates no duties, obligations or liabilities of or against bw-3 or any affiliate of bw-3. 6. SALES REPORTS. If requested by bw-3, Lessor will provide bw-3 withwhatever information Lessor has regarding Lessees sales from the Restaurant. 7. AMENDMENTS. No amendment or variation of the terms of this Addendumto the Lease shall be valid unless made in writing and signed by the partieshereto. 8. REAFFIRMATION OF LEASE. Except as amended or modified herein, allof the terms, conditions and covenants of the Lease shall remain in full forceand effect and are incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof asthough copied herein in full. 9. BENEFICIARY. Lessor and Lessee expressly agree that bw-3 is a thirdparty beneficiary of this Addendum. 40 IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, witness the signatures of the parties hereto as ofthe day, month and year first written above. ------------------------------------------ By: ----------------------------------- Title: ----------------------------------- ("Lessor") ------------------------------------------ By: ----------------------------------- Title: ----------------------------------- ("Lessee") 41