Exhibit 10.16[] CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTEDAND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 406 OF THE SECURITIES ACTOF 1933, AS AMENDED. Software License, Customization and Maintenance Agreement Agreement Number: CW251207Effective Date: 11/4/10Company Name: Cardlytics, Inc.Company Address: 621 North Avenue NE Suite C-30 Atlanta, GA 30308Company Telephone: 888.798.5802 This SOFTWARE LICENSE, CUSTOMIZATION AND MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is entered into as of the Effective Date byand between Bank of America, N.A. (“Bank of America”), a national banking association, and the above-named Supplier, a corporation, andconsists of this signature page and the attached Terms and Conditions, Schedules, and all other documents attached hereto, which areincorporated in full by this reference. (“Supplier”) Bank of America, N.A.By: /s/ Scott Grime By: /s/ Chandra TorrenceName: Scott Grime Name: Chandra TorrenceTitle: Chief Executive Officer Title: V.P., Sourcing ManagerDate: 11/8/10 Date: 11/4/10 Address for Notices: Cardlytics, Inc.621 North Ave NESuite C-30Atlanta, GA 30030ATTN: Scott GrimesTelephone: 888.798.5802Email: [] Address for Notices: (Supply Chain Management Contact)Mailcode NC1-023-09-01Bank of America625 N Tryon StCharlotte, NC 28255ATTN: Chandra TorrenceTelephone: []Email: [] With a copy to: Bank of America Legal Department101 S. Tryon StreetCharlotte, NC 28255 Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018 Software License, Customization and Maintenance Agreement Table of Contents .0 DEFINITIONS 1 2.0 LICENSE 4 3.0 RELATIONSHIP MANAGER 6 4.0 TERM 7 5.0 TERMINATION 7 6.0 ORDERING, DELIVERY AND INSTALLATION 8 7.0 CUSTOMIZATIONS 9 8.0 SOURCE CODE CUSTODY 10 9.0 DOCUMENTATION 11 10 ACCEPTANCE 11 11.0 MAINTENANCE SERVICES 12 12.0 UPGRADES 12 13.0 NON-MAINTENANCE SERVICES SUPPORT 12 14.0 TRAINING 12 15.0 PRICING/FEES 13 16.0 INVOICES TAXES/PAYMENT 13 17.0 EXPORT LAWS 15 18.0 MUTUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 15 19.0 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SUPPLIER 15 20.0 DELETION OF FUNCTIONS 17 21.0 DISABLEMENT OF SOFTWARE AND HARDWARE 17 22.0 FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 17 23.0 BUSINESS CONTINUITY 17 24.0 RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES 18 25.0 SUPPLIER PERSONNEL 18 26.0 INSURANCE 19 27.0 CONFIDENTIALITY AND INFORMATION PROTECTION 20 28.0 INDEMNITY 23 29.0 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 24 30.0 DAMAGE TO BANK OF AMERICA SYSTEMS 24 31.0 SUPPLIER DIVERSITY 25 32.0 ENVIRONMENTAL INITIATIVE 26 33.0 AUDIT 26 34.0 NON-ASSIGNMENT 27 35.0 GOVERNING LAW 27 37.0 MEDIATION/ARBITRATION 28 38.0 NON-EXCLUSIVE NATURE OF AGREEMENT 29 39.0 OWNERSHIP OF WORK PRODUCT 29 40.0 MISCELLANEOUS 30 41.0 ENTIRE AGREEMENT 32 SCHEDULE A PRODUCT LICENSE SCHEDULE TEMPLATESCHEDULE B CUSTOMIZATION SCHEDULESCHEDULE C CHANGE ORDER REQUEST FORMSCHEDULE D MAINTENANCE SERVICESSCHEDULE E INFORMATION SECURITYSCHEDULE F BACKGROUND CHECKSSCHEDULE G RECOVERY Proprietary to Bank of America ii vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/20181.0DEFINITIONS 1.1All defined terms In this Agreement not otherwise defined in this Section shall have the meanings assigned in the part of this Agreement inwhich they are defined. 1.2Acceptance Date - the first Business Day after the day Bank of America accepts the Software or it is deemed accepted pursuant to theSection entitled “Acceptance.” 1.3Acceptance Period - the period commencing on the Installation Date and continuing for the number of days specified in each ProductLicense Schedule, as such period may be extended pursuant to the Section entitled “Acceptance.” 1.4Affiliate - a business entity now or hereafter controlled by, controlling or under common control with a Party. Control exists when an entityowns or controls directly or indirectly 50% or more of the outstanding equity representing the right to vote for the election of directors orother managing authority of another entity. 1.5Associate Information - any non-public information about a Bank of America Representative, whether in paper, electronic, or other form thatis maintained by or on behalf of Bank of America for a business purpose. 1.6Bank of America Customizations - Customizations listed on a Customization Schedule, which shall be owned by Bank of America andsubject to the Marketing Restrictions outlined in the Section entitled “Customizations.” 1.7Bank Security Requirements- all bank security requirements as described in SCHEDULE E and the Bank of America Service ProviderSecurity Requirements document provided separately. 1.8Business Continuity Plan - the policies and procedures that describe contingency plans, recovery plans, and proper risk controls to ensureSupplier’s continued performance under this Agreement. 1.9Business Day - Monday through Friday, excluding days on which Bank of America is not open for business in the United States of America. 1.10Consumer Information - any record about an individual, whether in paper. electronic. or other form, that is a consumer report as such term isdefined in the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 USC 1681 et seq.) or is derived from a consumer report and that is maintained or otherwisepossessed by or on behalf of Bank of America for a business purpose. Consumer Information also means a compilation of such records. Theterm does not include any record that does not identify an individual. 1.11Correction - a modification to Software to resolve one (1) or more Errors. 1.12Customer Information - any record containing information about a customer, its usage of Bank of America’s services, or about a customer’saccounts, whether in paper, electronic, or other form that is maintained by or on behalf of Bank of America for a business purpose. 1.13Customizations - modifications to the Licensed Programs and new coding made at the request or Bank of America. 1.14Customization Schedule - a document substantially In the form of SCHEDULE B attached hereto. 1.15Customization Status Report - a written report prepared by Supplier that describes the status of the development and implementation,describes problems and the steps underway to resolve them, provides a report of hours expended to date for each Customization, andreports all other information necessary or desirable for Bank of America management to understand the status of the project to developCustomizations. Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/20181.16Delivery Date - the date on which Bank of America actually receives the Software from Supplier. 1.17Documentation - any and all: (i) materials created by or on behalf of Supplier that describe or relate to the functional, operational orperformance capabilities of the Software, regardless of format; (ii) user, operator, system administration, technical, support and othermanuals, including but not limited to functional specifications, help files, flow charts, logic diagrams, programming comments, acceptanceplan, if any, and portions of licensor’s web site that in any way describe the Software; (iii) responses and other materials submitted bySupplier in response to any Bank of America Request for Information (“RFI”), Request for Proposal (“RFP”) or Request for Quotation(“RFQ”); and (iv) updates, changes and corrections to any of the forgoing that may be made during the Term of this Agreement. 1.18Effective Date - the date set forth on the signature page on which this Agreement takes effect. 1.19Error - an instance of failure of Software to be Operative. An Error is a Class 1 Error if it renders the Software unusable for its intendedpurpose. An Error is a Class 2 Error if the Software is still usable for its intended purpose, but such use is seriously inconvenient and thevalue to Bank of America of the use of the Software is substantially reduced. All other Errors are Class 3 Errors. 1.20Information Security Program - the documents that describe how Supplier will provide services to Bank of America in a manner that complieswith the confidentiality and information security requirements of this Agreement and all pertinent Schedules and Exhibits hereto. Suchinformation security program must be approved by Supplier’s board of directors or equivalent executive management prior to the EffectiveDate thereof and annually thereafter. It must describe Supplier’s network infrastructure and security procedures and controls that protectConfidential Information on a basis that meets or exceeds the Bank Security Requirements. 1.21Installation Date - the date the Software has been properly installed. 1.22Installation Site - the building or complex of buildings at which Bank of America installs the Software. 1.23Intellectual Property Rights - all intellectual property rights throughout the world, including copyrights, patents, mask works, trademarks,service marks, trade secrets, inventions (whether or not patentable), know how, authors’ rights, rights of attribution, and other proprietaryrights and all applications and rights to apply for registration or protection of such rights. 1.24Licensed Programs - the computer programs and all Documentation for such computer programs described in each Product LicenseSchedule (including Source Code for such computer programs unless expressly stated otherwise in such Product License Schedule). 1.25Maintenance Fees - the fees for Maintenance Services set forth in each Product License Schedule. 1.26Maintenance Period - unless otherwise specified in a Product License Schedule, the Maintenance Period shall be twenty-four (24) hours perday, seven (7) per week, including Bank of America holidays. 1.27Maintenance Services - the services described in SCHEDULE D or in any Product License Schedule or Order with respect to any LicensedProgram including telephone consultation, online and on-site technical support, Error correction and the provision of Updates. Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/20181.28Object Code - machine-readable computer instructions that can be executed by a computer. 1.29Operative - conforming in all material respects to performance levels and functional specifications described in the Program Materials and inthis Agreement. 1.30Order - Product License Schedule, purchase order, work order, Customization Schedule or other written instrument executed, or electronictransmissions originated by, an authorized officer of Bank of America Supply Chain Management directing Supplier in the provision ofservices substantially conforming to a form provided to Supplier by Bank of America. Unless otherwise provided in writing, the businessterms in each Order relating to description of the Licensed Program, pricing, and performance standards shall apply only to such Order. 1.31Party - Bank of America or Supplier. 1.32Platform - the computer equipment and operating system which can execute the Object Code. 1.33Product or Products equipment, Software, firmware, system designs, Program Materials, Customizations, Maintenance Services,Documentation, training and any other goods or services this Agreement calls for Supplier to furnish or Supplier furnishes. Unlessexpressly otherwise provided, Product or Products shall also mean any separate portion or part of the Product or Products that Supplierfurnishes. 1.34Product License Schedule - a document substantially in the form of SCHEDULE A attached hereto. 1.35Production Installation Date - the fifth consecutive Business Day upon which the Software has been used successfully to process Bank ofAmerica’s work commercially in production. 1.36Program Materials - Supplier’s proposals to Bank of America, Documentation, specifications and any other Documentation delivered inconnection with the Software, including without limitation materials described in each Product License Schedule. 1.37Records - documentation of facts that include normal and customary documentation of facts or events for an industry, specific deliverablesas designated, emails determined to be “records” because of the business or litigation purpose, any records documenting legal, regulatory,fiscal or administrative requirements. 1.38Relationship Manager(s) -the employee designated by a Party to act on its behalf with regard to matters arising under this Agreement whoshall be the person the other Party shall contact in writing regarding matters concerning this Agreement. 1.39Repair Period - the time period commencing when Bank of America reports an Error to Supplier and continuing for four (4) hours or suchother period as may be specified In a Product License Schedule. 1.40Representative an employee, officer, director, or agent of a Party. 1.41Software - the Licensed Programs and Object Code licensed by Supplier pursuant to a Product License Schedule that produces the resultsdescribed in the Program Materials, together with the Documentation, all Corrections, Customizations and Updates and any Upgradesacquired by Bank of America pursuant to this Agreement, and, if licensed to Bank of America in this Agreement, the Source Code or othersoftware programs offered by Supplier to the public on Supplier’s Web site and used by Bank of America, notwithstanding any associatedEULA, GPL or other license terms, any Updates thereto, and any related user manuals or Documentation. Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/20181.42Source Code - the human-readable code from which a computer can compile or assemble the Object Code of a computer program, togetherwith a description of the procedure for generating the Object Code. 1.43Subcontractor - a third party to whom Supplier has delegated or subcontracted any portion of its obligations set forth herein. 1.44Supplier Customizations - Customizations listed on a Customization Schedule, which Supplier shall own and license to Bank of Americaunder the terms of this Agreement. 1.45Supplier Security Controls those controls implemented by Supplier as part of its Information Security Program that address each of the BankSecurity Requirements, as modified from time to time. 1.46Term - the initial term of the Agreement or any renewal or extension. 1.47Time and Materials Rates - the rates specified in each Product License Schedule [or Order] that Supplier may charge for services providedunder this Agreement which are not covered by the Maintenance Fee, or if not so specified, supplier’s standard rates for such services. 1.48Update - a set of procedures or new program code that Supplier implements to correct Errors and which may include modifications toimprove performance or a revised version or release of the Software which may incidentally improve its functionality, together with relatedDocumentation. 1.49Upgrade - a new version or release of computer programs licensed hereunder which Supplier makes generally available to its customers toimprove the functionality of, or add functional capabilities to such computer programs, together with related Documentation. Upgrades shallinclude new programs which replace, or contain functionality similar to, the Software already licensed to Bank of America hereunder. 1.50Warranty Period - the time period specified in each Product License Schedule commencing on the Acceptance Date of the applicableSoftware component as extended pursuant to the Section entitled “Acceptance.” 1.51Work in Progress - all plans, systems designs, Documentation, working materials, specifications, flow charts source code, documented testresults and other Work Product prepared by Supplier pursuant to this Agreement or during development of the Customizations. 1.52Work Product all information, data. materials, discoveries, inventions, drawings, works of authorship, documents, documentation, models,software, computer programs, software (including source code and object code), firmware, designs, specifications, processes, procedures,techniques, algorithms, diagrams, methods, and all tangible embodiments of each of the foregoing (in whatever form and media) conceived,created, reduced to practice or prepared by or for Supplier at the request of Bank of America within the scope of services provided underthis Agreement, whether or not prepared on Bank of America’s premises and all Intellectual Property Rights therein. 2.0LICENSE 2.1Supplier hereby grants Bank of America a nonexclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual license to install, use, execute and copy theSoftware described in each Product License Schedule as necessary to conduct Bank of America business in accordance with the terms andrestrictions of this Section and any special terms and restrictions stated on the applicable Product License Schedule. Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/20182.2In addition, Bank of America may, at no additional charge other than the Software license fees specified in each Product License Schedule,(i) install, use, execute and copy the Software for any backup, archival and emergency purposes and any internal, non-production Bank ofAmerica purpose including for test, development, and training; (ii) allow a third party outsourcer or service provider to install, use, executeand copy the Software solely in connection with its provision of services to Bank of America, provided that such use does not extend toproviding services to others; and (iii) transfer the Software to any other Platform or Installation Site replacing that on which it waspreviously installed. 2.3Bank of America may transfer the Software to other server operating systems or database platforms, whether or not in existence as of theeffective date of this Agreement, but on which the Software is subsequently certified to operate, and Supplier shall provide Bank of Americawith any generally available versions of the Software, including required passwords or keys, that are reasonably necessary to accomplishsuch transfer, all at no additional charge. 2.4Bank of America may for a reasonable period of time after the sale of a Affiliate of Bank of America or a division of Bank of America, provideto such divested entity, processing services and/or similar activities which are or become incidental to Bank of America’s business, at noadditional charge or fee. All restrictions set forth in this Agreement on Bank of America’s use of the Software shall be deemed also to applyto any divested entity’s use of the Software. 2.5The license is subject to the following restrictions: (a) Title to and ownership of the Software (except the Bank of America Customizations)shall remain with Supplier or its licensors; (b) Bank of America shall not reverse engineer, reverse compile or disassemble any part of theSoftware without the prior written consent of Supplier: and (c) Bank of America shall not remove, obscure or deface any proprietary legendrelating to the Software and shall include in each copy all proprietary notices contained in the Software. 2.6The licenses set forth above shall include the right to install, use, execute and copy the Source Code for test and development purposes. tomodify it, to compile it into Object Code and to prepare from it derivative works for internal use only. Bank of America must keep the SourceCode at the Source Code Installation Site named in SCHEDULE A. Bank of America may transfer Source Code to an alternate source codeinstallation site if Supplier is notified promptly after such relocation. Other copies may be made for backup and archival purposes and maybe transferred to Bank of America’s off-site backup storage and contingency operations sites only. Any additional charge for the SourceCode Is specified in SCHEDULE A. 2.7If Bank of America is not in default of its obligations under this Agreement or the General Services Agreement of even date betweenSupplier and Bank of America, then at Bank of America’s request, Supplier shall deliver the then existing compiled and Source CodeSoftware for the Cardlytics Software and any Improvements of thereto subject to the payment schedule to Supplier as outlined in ScheduleA, Section B. Upon delivery, Bank of America will have all license right outlined in Section 2.7.1: 2.7.1Supplier hereby grants Bank of America a nonexclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual license to: (a) any patents related to or necessaryor desirable to use the Software to the extent such patents are now held, licensed to or hereafter acquired by Supplier, for the purpose ofallowing Bank of America and its Affiliates and permitted assigns to install, copy, use, execute, modify, distribute (as necessary or useful forBank of America and its Affiliates and permitted assigns to enjoy their rights as set forth in the Agreement), make, have made, enhance,improve and alter the Software (both in Object Code and Source Code form) as necessary to conduct Bank of America business inaccordance with the terms and restrictions or this Section; (b) any Copyrights now held, licensed to or hereafter acquired by Supplier in theSoftware for the purpose of allowing Bank of America and its Affiliates an permitted assigns to install, copy, use, execute, modify, distribute(as necessary or useful for Bank of America and its Affiliates and permitted assigns to enjoy their fights as set forth In the Agreement,produce derivative works from and Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018 display such Software (both in Object Code and Source Code for ); any (c) other Intellectual Property Rights or Supplier in the Software asare necessary or useful for Bank of America, its Affiliates and permitted assigns to install, copy, use, execute, modify, distribute, enhance,improve and alter and copy the Software (both in Object Code and Source Code form) for the purpose of conducting Bank of Americabusiness in accordance with the terms and restrictions of this Section. Without limiting the foregoing, but subject to the restrictions setforth in Section 2.5 hereof, Bank of America may: (x) sublicense its rights granted herein to its third party contractors for the purpose of theirperforming services for Bank of America and its Affiliates (which services may include, without limitation, altering, modifying, enhancingand improving the Software and creating derivatives to the Software), provided that such third party contractors have entered into a writtenagreement containing commercially standard confidentiality provisions requiring them to maintain the Source Code to the LicensedPrograms securely and in confidence (subject to commercially standard exceptions), prior to having access to the Source Code for theSoftware: (y) sublicense its rights in the Software excluding any rights in the Source Code, to its end user customers as necessary for Bankof America to provide services to such end user customers; and (z) host the Software on its systems (or allow a third party to host theSoftware on its behalf) and make the Software available for use by its end user customers through the internet or other similar means. Anyderivative works of or alterations, enhancements, modifications, or improvements to the Software created by Bank of America, itsRepresentatives and Affiliates or their third party contractors shall be owned, and be freely assignable, by Bank of America, and Suppliershall have no rights therein (subject to Supplier’s ownership of the underlying software). Without limiting the foregoing, Bank of Americamay freely transfer such Software to any other Platform or Installation Site replacing that on which it was previously installed. 2.8Supplier expressly acknowledges and agrees that the rights of Bank of America set forth in this Agreement shall inure to all Bank of AmericaAffiliates, provided that Bank of America shall be responsible for the obligations of its Affiliates under this Agreement. Such Affiliates mayexecute Orders and purchase Licensed Programs hereunder. 2.9No Shrink Wrap Licenses. Supplier and Bank of America agree that no so-called “shrink wrap” or “click wrap” license terms shall apply toany Licensed Programs licensed to Bank of America hereunder. In the event that licenses or versions of the Licensed Programs that arepackaged with any such “shrink wrap” or “click wrap” license are delivered to Bank of America hereunder. the terms and conditions of thisAgreement and the applicable Order shall apply and not the terms of the “shrink wrap” or “click wrap” license. 3.0RELATIONSHIP MANAGER 3.1Each Party shall designate an employee Relationship Manager(s) to act on its behalf with regard to matters arising under this Agreementand shall notify the other Party in writing of the name of its Relationship Manager; however, the Relationship Manager shall have noauthority to alter or amend any term, condition, or provision of this Agreement. Either Party may change its Relationship Manager(s) byproviding the other Party prior written notice. The Relationship Manager must be identified in a writing delivered to the other Party at leastone (1) week prior to the commencement of any work under this Agreement. 3.2The Relationship Manager(s) shall meet via conference call with such frequency as Bank of America’s Relationship Manager shallreasonably request. Bank of America may require meetings in person at a site designated by Bank of America. 3.3Supplier shall provide the Bank of America Relationship Manager a Customization Status Report by the first and fifteenth day of eachmonth until all Customizations are accepted. Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/20184.0TERM 4.1This Agreement shall apply and remain in effect from the Effective Date and perpetually thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the Sectionentitled “Termination.” 5.0TERMINATION 5.1Bank of America may terminate this Agreement, an Order and/or any Customization Schedule(s) for its convenience, without cause, at anytime without further charge or expense upon at least forty-five (45) calendar days prior written notice to Supplier. Termination of one Ordershall not cause a termination of this Agreement or any other Order, unless otherwise specified by Bank of America. 5.2In addition to any other remedies available to either Party, upon the occurrence of a Termination Event (as defined below) with respect toeither Party, the other Party may immediately terminate this Agreement, the applicable Order or any Customization Schedule that is subjectof the Termination Event by providing written notice of termination. A Termination Event shall have occurred if: (a) a Party materiallybreaches its obligations under this Agreement, an Order or any Customization Schedule under this Agreement and the breach is not curedwithin thirty (30) calendar days after written notice of the breach and intent to terminate is provided by the other Party; (b) a Party becomesinsolvent (generally unable to pay its debts as they became due) or the subject of a bankruptcy, conservatorship, receivership or similarproceeding, or makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; (c) Supplier either: (i) merges with another entity, (ii) suffers atransfer involving fifty (50%) percent or more of any class of its voting securities or (iii) transfers all, or substantially all, of its assets; (d) inproviding services hereunder, Supplier violates any law or regulation governing the financial services Industry, or causes Bank of Americato be in material violation of any law or regulation governing the financial services industry; (e) Bank of America has the right to terminateunder the Section entitled “Pricing/Fees”; or (f) a Party attempts to assign this Agreement in breach of the Section entitled“Non-Assignment.” In the event of a Termination Event described in item (a) above with respect to an Order, only the applicable Order shallbe subject to termination. Breach of one Order shall not constitute a default of any other Order, unless otherwise agreed in writing betweenthe Parties. 5.3In addition to the Termination Events above, if the Services Schedule A of the General Services Agreement of even date between the partiesto this Agreement expires, does not renew or terminates for any reason within the initial term and the Parties have not reached agreement onthe delivery of the Software herein, then Cardlytics may terminate this Software License, Customization and Maintenance Agreement,including without limitation the Term License, shall terminate at the same time. 5.4The Parties agree that all Software delivered pursuant to this Agreement and the documentation therefore constitute “intellectual property”under Section 101(35A) of the Code (11 U.S.C. section 101(35A)). Supplier agrees that if it, as a debtor-in-possession, or if a trustee inbankruptcy for Supplier, in a case under the Code, rejects this Agreement, Bank of America may elect to retain its rights under thisAgreement as provided in Section 365(n) of the Code. Bank of America, and any Intellectual Property Rights, licenses or assignments fromSupplier of which Bank of America may have the benefit, shall receive the full protection granted to Bank of America by applicablebankruptcy law. 5.5The licenses granted in this Agreement with respect to any Licensed Program shall not terminate for any reason unless Supplier terminatesthe applicable Product License Schedule pursuant to Section 5.2 after Bank of America fails to pay in full the undisputed portion of licensefees payable with respect to such Licensed Program under such Product License Schedule. 5.6In addition to the rights of Bank of America set forth in this Section, (a) If Bank of America terminates any Product License Schedule formaterial default by Supplier prior to the Acceptance Date of the Software, Bank of America shall be entitled to a full refund, within thirty (30)calendar days after notice of termination, of all license fees, Maintenance Fees and other fees paid Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018 hereunder; and (b) Bank of America may terminate Maintenance Services under any Product License Schedule or Order for convenience atany time, and Bank of America shall then have no obligation to pay any additional Maintenance Fees, other than for Maintenance Servicesperformed through the date of termination. Bank of America may terminate the Maintenance Services under any Product License Scheduleor Order for material default by Supplier, upon Bank of America’s termination of such Maintenance Services for default, Bank of Americashall be entitled to a pro rata refund of all prepaid Maintenance Fees for the period after the date of termination. 5.7Supplier shall deliver all Work in Progress relating to Bank of America Customizations to Bank of America within five (5) calendar days afterthe effective date of termination under Sections 5.1, 5.2, and 5.3 above. All right, title and interest in such Work in Progress relating to Bankof America Customizations (including copyright) shall be deemed assigned to and vested in Bank of America. 5.8In the event of expiration or termination of this Agreement, an Order or of Maintenance Services under this Agreement, Supplier agrees thatupon the request of Bank of America, Supplier will, at no additional cost to Bank of America and through the period of paid up MaintenanceServices, continue uninterrupted operations, conclude and cooperate with Bank of America in the transition of the business at Bank ofAmerica’s direction and in a manner that causes no material disruption to Bank of America business and operations. The fees associatedwith such transition shall be in accordance with the fees in effect at the expiration or termination of this Agreement. In no event shall thetransition exceed one hundred eighty [180] calendar days from the date of termination unless the Parties otherwise agree in writing. For theavoidance of doubt, Bank of America agrees to pay Supplier all undisputed fees for Maintenance Services rendered up to the date oftermination or expiration pursuant to the related terms hereunder. Reimbursement of all extraordinary costs and expenses incurred outside ofthe Agreement terms and conditions will be agreed upon by Supplier and Bank of America in writing prior to their incurrence. 5.9The rights and obligations of the Parties which by their nature must survive termination or expiration of this Agreement in order to achieveits fundamental purposes including, without limitation, the provisions of the following Sections, “AUDIT, “CONFIDENTIALITY ANDINFORMATION PROTECTION,” “INDEMNITY,” “LICENSE,’’ “LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. “MEDIATION/ARBITRATION,”“OWNERSHIP OF WORK PRODUCT” and “MISCELLANEOUS” shall survive in perpetuity any termination of this Agreement. 6.0ORDERING, DELIVERY AND INSTALLATION 6.1To order Product(s), Bank of America or any of its Affiliates shall Issue Supplier an Order or other written authorization delivered in hardcopy, via facsimile or other form of electronic communication referring to this Agreement. Bank of America shall not be obligated to pay forProduct in the absence of such an Order. Supplier shall not deliver software not licensed to Bank of America. 6.2Supplier shall, at Bank of America’s election, either (i) electronically deliver the Software and Documentation to Bank of America premisesfrom a remote location via electronic transmission, such as over telecommunications networks (e.g., file transfer protocol), by granting Bankof America downloading access through a secured web site, without Bank of America receiving or retaining possession of the Software andDocumentation in the form of tangible personal property, such as tapes, disks or printed materials (“Electronic Delivery”), or (ii) deliver toand install the Software and Documentation at a Bank of America facility and depart the facility with all storage devices and resources usedto deliver and install the Software and Documentation (“Load and Leave”). If the Software and Documentation are received throughElectronic Delivery or through a Load and Leave exchange, no tangible personal property will transfer to or come into the possession ofBank of America from Supplier in fulfillment of Bank of America’s entitlements to the Software and Documentation. Shipment and delivery ofthe Software shall be deemed Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018 complete upon Supplier transmitting the Software to Bank of America or Supplier making it accessible by Bank of America for downloading,whichever Is applicable. Any other delivery method shall be by exception only and shall be clearly documented in the applicable ProductLicense Schedule. If there is not a preference to delivery in such Product License Schedule, then ii is assumed that all Software and allUpdates are by Electronic Delivery or by Load and Leave delivery to Bank of America. 6.3Supplier shall be responsible for and shall bear any and all risk of loss or disclosure of, or damage to, Software until delivery to theInstallation Site. 6.4After delivery of Software, Bank of America shall attempt diligently to install it on the Platform using adequate numbers of technically skilledpersonnel, and shall notify Supplier promptly after the Software has been properly installed. Alternatively, Bank of America may requestSupplier in writing to install the Software at the Time and Material Rates, unless otherwise expressly agreed in an Order. 6.5Supplier shall provide at, no additional charge, installation Documentation and reasonable telephonic off site consultation and assistance asnecessary for Bank of America to install the Software, together with the installation support, if any, described in an Order. 7.0CUSTOMIZATIONS 7.1Supplier shall provide Bank of America, within twenty-one (21) calendar days after receipt of the Bank of America’s request setting forth therelevant requirements, with a written estimate of the cost of the Customizations. Bank of America may direct Supplier to provide such writtenestimate on a time and materials basis or a fixed price basis, and Supplier shall comply with such direction. Supplier’s response shall setforth the Delivery Target Date for such Customizations. 7.2Bank of America may submit to Supplier an Order or other written authorization for Customizations, stating Bank of America’s preferredDelivery Target Date for Customizations and the terms for the Customizations, as proposed by Supplier pursuant to the precedingparagraph. Unless Supplier notifies Bank of America of its rejection of Bank of America’s written order within five (5) Business Days after itsreceipt, it shall be deemed accepted. Bank of America shall not be obligated to pay for Customizations or time and materials supplied in theabsence of an Order or written authorization. The parties shall execute a Customization Schedule for each Customization. 7.3Bank of America and Supplier shall agree in writing on the functional, technical and performance specifications of any Customizations. Thespecifications for each customization shall be described in a Customization Schedule. Such specifications shall be subject to the Sectionentitled “Acceptance” and Supplier shall make such reasonable changes to the specifications or such preliminary documents as Bank ofAmerica may request. In accordance with Section 7.4, if applicable, at Bank of America’s written request, accompanied by an Order or otherwritten authorization. Supplier shall prepare functional. technical and performance specifications for Customizations prior to undertakingCustomizations. Supplier shall deliver to Bank of America the Source Code and Object Code for Bank of America Customizations. 7.4Change Orders; A.If Bank of America requests a material change in the Customization specifications prior to acceptance of the Customizations, Suppliershall prepare revised specifications within fifteen (15) calendar days reflecting the price effect of Bank of America’s request. Bank ofAmerica shall accept or reject Supplier’s proposal within fifteen (15) calendar days after receipt thereof. The Parties shall make anyappropriate amendment to the Customization Schedule. Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018 B.Unless otherwise directed by Bank of America, Supplier shall continue to develop the Customizations using the Customizationspecifications in effect at the time Bank of America requests the change. Supplier may amend Customization specifications at nocharge at its option, provided that Supplier shall obtain Bank of America’s written consent to such amendment. At Supplier’s option,Supplier may use the Change Order form to obtain Bank of America’s consent. 7.5Supplier shall provide Bank of America sufficient access to the development site and Supplier personnel so that Bank of America may havea reasonable opportunity to evaluate the status of any Customizations. Suppler shall notify Bank of America of, and Bank of America may atits request participate in, alpha, beta and quality assurance tests for the Customizations. 7.6Commencing upon the Customization Delivery Date, Bank of America shall perform acceptance tests on the Customizations, following theprocedure set forth in the Section entitled “Acceptance.” If Bank of America rejects Customizations in accordance with the procedure setforth in the Section entitled “Acceptance,” Bank of America has no further obligation to pay Supplier for them and shall receive a full refundof all amounts previously paid for that Customization. 7.7Marketing Restrictions. Unless specified in the applicable customization Schedule or otherwise agreed, all Customizations shall be deemedBank of America Customizations. Bank of America shall own all right, title, and interest in and to the Bank of America Customizations asWork Product in accordance with Section 39.0. Supplier shall not provide a Bank of America Customization to any third party. In the eventthat any Bank of America Customization is furnished or plan, design or specification for producing the same has been specifically designed,developed or modified for or by Bank of America, then no such Bank of America Customization, plan, design or specification shall beduplicated or furnished to others by Supplier without the prior written consent of Bank of America. 8.0SOURCE CODE CUSTODY 8.1The provisions of this Section shall apply only to the Source Code for the Licensed Programs. The Source Code for the Bank of AmericaCustomizations may be use by Bank of America without any of the restrictions set forth in this Section. 8.2With each delivery of Software to Bank of America hereunder, Supplier shall deliver to Bank of America the Source Code for all Software andfor all Updates, Upgrades and new releases of the Software. Until a Release Condition (as defined in Section 8.6) occurs and the conditionsof Section 8.7 have been satisfied, Bank of America shall not permit access to or use of the Source Code, except as expressly providedherein. 8.3Bank of America shall establish a secure receptacle in which it shall place the Source Code and shall put the receptacle under supervision ofone or more of its officers, whose identity shall be available to Supplier at all times. Bank of America shall exercise the degree of care incarrying out its obligations hereunder that Bank of America then exercises with respect to Bank of America proprietary data of a similarnature, but not less than reasonable care. Bank of America acknowledges that the Source Code is proprietary data, and Bank of Americashall have an obligation to preserve and protect the confidentiality of the Source Code. 8.4Supplier grants Bank of America the right to duplicate the Source Code only as necessary to preserve and safely store the Source Code andas expressly permitted in this Section. Bank of America shall reproduce in all copies of the Source Code made by Bank of America anyproprietary or confidentiality notices contained in the Source Code when originally delivered by Supplier. Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/20188.5Upon delivery of the Source Code to Bank of America by Supplier, including in connection with any Upgrade, Update or new release, Bankof America shall have the right to verify the Source Code for accuracy, completeness and sufficiency, and to confirm that it compiles to thepertinent object code of the Software. Bank of America shall notify Supplier of the dates on which any such verification will be conducted,and the results thereof. Bank of America may temporarily release the Source Code for this purpose only, but all copies of the Source Codeshall be returned to the designated storage location as soon as the verification is completed. Supplier may elect to observe the verificationprocess at its own expense. 8.6Any or the following events shall be Release Conditions for purposes of this Section: (a) Supplier defaults on any of its maintenanceobligations herein; (b) Supplier ceases to provide maintenance for the Software; (c) Supplier ceases doing business in the ordinary course,files or has filed against it a petition under bankruptcy Code, becomes insolvent or has a receiver appointed for all or a substantial part of itsbusiness; or (d) Bank of America terminates this Agreement for cause pursuant to the terms hereof. 8.7If a Release Condition has occurred, Bank of America may immediately release the Source Code for the purposes described in Section 8.8,following the issuance of a written statement to Supplier by Bank of America’s executive management, stating that a Release Condition hasoccurred. 8.8Supplier hereby grants to Bank of America a nonexclusive, fully paid, irrevocable, royalty-free, world-wide license to use, modify, copy,produce derivative works from, display, disclose to persons who have entered into a written agreement containing substantially the sameconfidentiality provisions as in this Agreement for the purpose of maintaining the Software for Bank of America, and otherwise to utilize theSoftware and the Source Code and other materials necessary to maintain and improve the Software for use by Bank of America, subjectalways to the limitations In this Agreement on reproduction and use of the Software. 9.0DOCUMENTATION 9.1At no additional charge and in accordance with the delivery method specified in each Product License Schedule, Supplier shall deliver acomplete set of Documentation for the Software at the same time as the Software is delivered and for every Customization and Upgradedelivered to Bank of America. The Documentation shall describe fully the proper procedure for using the Software and provide sufficientinformation to enable Bank of America to operate all features and functionality of the Software on the Platform. Supplier shall deliverreasonable Documentation to allow Bank of America to install and use each Update. Except as otherwise provided in Section 39.0,“Ownership of Work Product”, Bank of America may use and reproduce for internal purposes all Documentation furnished by Supplier,including displaying the Documentation on Bank of America’s intranet or other internal electronic distribution system, in part or in whole.Documentation for Customizations, Updates and Upgrades shall meet or exceed the level of quality, form and completeness of theDocumentation for the Licensed Programs. 9.2Supplier shall, in accordance with the delivery method specified in each Product License Schedule, deliver updated Documentation to Bankof America concurrently with delivery of any Upgrades or Customizations or any other occasion of issuance of updated Documentation. 10.0ACCEPTANCE 10.1During the Acceptance Period, Bank of America shall perform whatever acceptance tests on the Software it may wish to confirm that theSoftware is Operative. If Bank of America discovers during the Acceptance Period that any Software is not Operative, Bank of America shallnotify Supplier of the deficiencies. Supplier, at its own expense, shall modify, repair, adjust or replace the Software to make it Operativewithin fifteen (15) calendar days after the date of Bank of America’s deficiency notice. Bank of America may perform additional acceptancetests during a Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018 period commencing when Supplier has delivered revised Software correcting all the deficiencies Bank of America has noted. This restartedAcceptance Period shall have a duration equal to that of the initial Acceptance Period, unless Bank of America earlier accepts the Softwarein writing. If the Software, at the end of the Acceptance Period as so extended, still is not Operative in Bank of America’s judgment afterconsultation with Supplier, Bank of America may reject the Software and terminate this Agreement for material breach or, at its option, repeatthe procedure of this paragraph as often as it determines is necessary. If Bank of America does not notify Supplier of acceptance or rejectionof the Software, it shall be deemed accepted at the end of the Acceptance Period extended pursuant to this paragraph. If not previouslyaccepted, the Software shall also be deemed accepted upon the Production Installation Date. 10.2Bank of America shall use the procedure in this Section to determine acceptance of Customizations and Upgrades. If Bank of America findsan Upgrade not to be Operative and rejects it, Bank of America shall have no obligation to pay for such Upgrade if Supplier provided theUpgrade to Bank of America for an additional charge above Maintenance Services, and Supplier shall continue to support the version orrelease of the Software that Bank of America has installed. 11.0MAINTENANCE SERVICES 11.1Supplier shall provide the Maintenance Services attached hereto as SCHEDULE D. 12.0UPGRADES 12.1Supplier shall offer Upgrades to Bank of America whenever Supplier makes Upgrades generally available to its other customers. Unlessotherwise agreed to in a Product License Schedule, Supplier shall deliver by Electronic Delivery or by Load and Leave delivery eachUpgrade to Bank of America at no additional charge as part of Maintenance Services. 12.2Supplier shall notify Bank of America as far in advance as reasonably possible, but in no event less than six (6) months prior to release, of allUpgrades and Software replacements/ phase-outs, and shall provide Bank of America all relevant release notes and other Documentation assoon as possible after notification. 12.3Supplier shall continue to provide Maintenance Services on the terms and conditions of this Agreement for the version of Software Bank ofAmerica has installed for at least twenty-four (24) months after Supplier makes an Upgrade generally available to its customers. 13.0NON-MAINTENANCE SERVICES SUPPORT 13.1If Supplier agrees to perform non-Maintenance Services support services at Bank of America’s request in connection with theimplementation of the Software, such services shall be performed in a workmanlike and professional manner by qualified personnel at theTime and Materials Rates set forth in SCHEDULE A. 14.0TRAINING 14.1Supplier shall provide, at the rates and fees specified in an Order, if any, the training classes called for in an Order in use, operation andmaintenance of the Software for Bank of America personnel on Bank of America premises on dates to be specified by Bank of America.Supplier shall provide training Documentation for each attendee at any classes Supplier conducts. Prices for additional classes, if any, shallbe specified in an Order. If Supplier agrees to allow Bank of America to train Bank of America personnel, Supplier shall provide Bank ofAmerica, at the rates and fees specified in an Order, if any, all trainer/class leadership materials Supplier has available or used in connectionwith the classes conducted for Bank of America. Bank of America may duplicate these materials for Bank of America’s use exclusively anduse them to conduct other classes at Bank of America’s convenience. Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/201815.0PRICING/FEES 15.1Software license fees, Maintenance Fees and the method of payment shall be set forth in each Order or the applicable Order. Fees foradditional services not listed on an Order shall be as mutually agreed in writing between Bank of America and Supplier prior to performance. 15.2If the Order is for Customizations, fees and the method of payment are set forth in the applicable Customization Schedule. 15.3Fees for services, other than Maintenance Services listed in SCHEDULE A, B and D or an Order are subject to the standard of measurementor evaluation applicable to the commercial production and sale of similar Products and services provided by Supplier under this Agreement(“Industry Benchmarking”) at any time at Bank of America’s option, and may be reduced based on the results. Bank of America shall givenotice to Supplier of any proposed fee reduction including the effective date of such fee reduction. Supplier shall notify Bank of America ofits acceptance or rejection of the proposed fee reduction within fifteen (15) calendar days of Supplier’s receipt of notice. If Supplier does notgive notice to Bank of America, such fee reduction shall be deemed accepted and invoices shall be adjusted accordingly. If Supplier rejects aproposed fee reduction, Bank of America may terminate the services engagement with no further liability. 16.0INVOICES TAXES/PAYMENT 16.1Supplier shall submit invoices, in accordance with the timeframes specified in SCHEDULE A, to the address set forth in SCHEDULE A or theapplicable Order. Bank of America requires Suppliers to accept payment through electronic media in one of the following agreed uponmethods; credit card using the Bank of America ePayables process, ACH, or electronic check. In the event that the agreed upon method ofpayment is through the Bank of America ePayables process using purchase cards, the Supplier shall, at no additional cost to Bank ofAmerica, ensure Supplier has the capability to process purchasing cards, prior to submitting invoices to Bank of America. Supplier shallelectronically invoice Bank of America using the Bank of America designated e-Procurement tool. Each invoice shall specify the amount foreach item on the invoice and include the following: (i) the slate where Supplier will electronically deliver the Software and Documentation toBank of America, (ii) the method of electronic delivery, (iii) the state where services are to be performed, (iv) the Agreement referencenumber as Indicated on the signature page of this Agreement), and (v) the Order number if applicable. 16.2The items listed on Supplier’s invoice must appear in the same sequence as listed on the Order. 16.3Invoices that omit the state of Electronic Delivery. the method of Electronic Delivery, the state where services are to be performed, theAgreement reference number and Order number of applicable, or that fail to list Products and services separately, or that are incorrect,incomplete or list Products or services that were not requested in writing by Bank of America will not be paid. The Relationship Manager forBank of America will contact the Supplier Relationship Manager to address the situation informally prior to initiating the dispute resolutionprocess under this Agreement. 16.4Bank of America shall pay Supplier for all services and applicable taxes invoiced In arrears in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,within sixty (60) calendar days of the date of receipt of a valid and correct invoice by Bank of America. Bank of America reserves the right topay prior to the expiration of the sixty (60) day period. If Bank of America pays within thirty (30) calendar days of receipt of a valid invoiceby Bank of America, a discount of two percent (2%) will be subtracted from the total invoice amount for Services. Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/201816.5Unless otherwise agreed upon by Bank of America, (i) all charges for Maintenance Services shall be invoiced in accordance. with the termsspecified in the applicable Order, (ii) charges for Software shall be invoiced on the Acceptance Date, and (iii) all other charges shall beinvoiced when incurred. Invoices shall contain such detail as Bank of America may reasonably require from time to time. Amounts notinvoiced by Supplier to Bank of America within three (3) months after such amounts could first be invoiced under this Agreement may notthereafter be invoiced, and Bank of America shall not be required to pay such amounts. 16.6Invoices shall include and list all applicable sales, use, or excise taxes that are a statutory obligation of Bank of America as separate lineitems identifying each separate tax category and taxing authority. Bank of America will reimburse Supplier for all sales, use or excise taxeslevied on amounts payable by Bank of America to Supplier pursuant to this Agreement, however, Bank of America shall not be responsiblefor remittance of such taxes to applicable tax authorities. 16.7Bank of America shall not be responsible for any ad valorem, income, gross receipts, franchise, privilege, value added or occupational taxesof Supplier. Bank of America and Supplier shall each bear sole responsibility for all taxes, assessments and other real or personal property-related levies on its owned or leased real or personal property. 16.8Supplier shall be responsible for the payment of all taxes, interest and penalties related to any assessment by a taxing authority ascontemplated by Section 16.6 to the extent that Supplier fails to accurately and timely invoice Bank of America for such taxes and remit suchtaxes directly to the applicable taxing authority. In the event that a taxing authority performs a sample and projection audit on Bank ofAmerica, then Supplier shall be responsible for the payment of all projected tax amounts including all interest and penalties on any projectedtaxes assessed resulting from taxing errors identified by such taxing authority on Supplier’s Invoices, provided however, that Supplier shallreceive timely notice that such invoice is included In a tax authority’s audit and Supplier has the right to produce documentation to supportthat the tax was satisfied. In the event Supplier voluntarily registers to collect sales tax at some future date, and wishes to remit historicaltaxes Supplier deems due, Bank of America will only be responsible for the taxes due for the time period that Bank of America is statutorilyobligated to the tax authorities in each state. 16.9Supplier shall fully cooperate with Bank of America’s efforts to identify taxable and nontaxable portions of amounts payable pursuant to thisAgreement (including segregation of such portions on invoices) and to obtain refunds of taxes paid, where appropriate. Bank of Americamay furnish Supplier with certificates or other evidence supporting applicable exemptions from sales, use or excise taxation. If Bank ofAmerica pays or reimburses Supplier under this Section, Supplier hereby assigns and transfers to Bank of America all of its right, title andinterest in and to any refund for taxes paid. Any claim for refund of taxes against the assessing authority may be made in the name of Bankof America or Supplier, or both, at Bank of America’s option. Bank of America may initiate and manage litigation brought in the name ofBank of America or Supplier, or both, to obtain refunds of amounts paid under this Section. Supplier shalt cooperate fully with Bank ofAmerica in pursuing any refund claims, including any related litigation or administrative procedures. 16.10Supplier shall keep and maintain complete and accurate accounting Records in accordance with generally accepted accounting principlesconsistently applied to support and document all amounts becoming payable to Supplier hereunder. Upon request from Bank of America,Supplier shall provide to Bank of America (or a Representative designated by Bank of America) access to such Records for the purpose ofauditing such Records during normal business hours. Supplier shall retain all Records required under this Section in accordance with theSection entitled “Audit” of this Agreement, after the amounts documented In such Records become due. Supplier shall Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018 cooperate fully with Bank of America and any taxing authority involving any audit of sales, use or excise taxes. Upon request from Bank ofAmerica, Supplier will provide copies of invoices in electronic form that have been selected for review by any taxing authority, together withdocuments supporting the identification of taxable and nontaxable portions of amounts reflected on such invoices as contemplated bySection 16.9.. 17.0EXPORT LAWS 17.1Export of Software. To the extent the Software contains any cryptographic functionality that would subject it to the provisions of the UnitedStates Export Administration Regulations (the “EAR”), Supplier hereby represents and warrants that: (a) the Export Control ClassificationNumber (“ECCN”) for such Software is set forth on the applicable Product License Schedule; and (b) Supplier has obtained all necessarylicenses, if any, and submitted all necessary prior notifications and review requests (without receipt of any objection) to the Bureau ofIndustry and Security (“BIS’’) and the National Security Agency (the “NSA), which are required to be made under the EAR in order for Bankof America to be able to use such Software as contemplated hereunder and in accordance with (and subject to) the provisions of theAgreement and the applicable Product License Schedule, outside of the United States, subject to the following: (i) Bank of America may notexport such Software to any countries (or the nationals thereof) in Country Group E:1 on Supplement No. 1 to Part 740 of the EAR (as suchprovision may be hereafter amended); (ii) Bank of America may not export such Software in violation of any prohibitions of EAR Parts 744and 746 (as such provisions may be amended from time to time); and (iii) Bank of America may have obligations to make periodic reports toBIS and/or the NSA (unless such exports are made to Bank of America Affiliates which are classified as “U.S. Subsidiaries” under Part 772 ofthe EAR), and to the extent such reports are required, Supplier has provided, or will provide, a brief summary of such requirements, as givento the best of its knowledge, on the applicable Product License Schedule. Supplier will hereafter communicate to Bank of America anyadditional laws and regulations relevant to Bank of America’s export, reexport, sale or other disposition of Product pursuant to thisAgreement 18.0MUTUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 18.1Each Party represents and warrants the following: (a) the Party’s execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement (i) have beenauthorized by all necessary corporate action, (ii) do not violate the terms of any law, regulation, or court order to which such Party is subjector the terms of any material agreement to which the Party or any of its assets may be subject and (iii) are not subject to the consent orapproval of any third party; (b) this Agreement is the valid and binding obligation of the representing Party, enforceable against such Partyin accordance with its terms; and (c) such Party is not subject to any pending or threatened litigation or governmental action which couldinterfere with such Party’s performance of its obligations hereunder. 19.0REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SUPPLIER 19.1In rendering its obligations under this Agreement, without limiting other applicable performance warranties, Supplier represents andwarrants to Bank of America as follows: (a) Supplier is in good standing in the state of its incorporation and is qualified to do business as aforeign corporation in each of the other states in which it is providing Products or services hereunder; (b) Supplier shall secure or hassecured all permits, licenses, regulatory approvals and registrations required to deliver Products or render services set forth herein,including without limitation, registration with the appropriate taxing authorities for remittance of taxes; and (c) Supplier shall, and shall beresponsible for ensuring that Supplier’s Representatives and Subcontractors shall, perform all obligations of Supplier under this Agreementin compliance with all laws, rules, regulations and other legal requirements. Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/201819.2Supplier represents and warrants that it shall perform the Maintenance Services in a timely and professional manner using competentpersonnel having expertise suitable to their assignments. Supplier represents and warrants that the services shall conform to or exceed, in allmaterial respects, the specifications described herein, as well as the standards generally observed in the industry for similar services.Supplier represents and warrants that neither performance nor functionality of the services, Products or systems is or will be affected bydates prior to, during and after the year 2000. Supplier represents and warrants that services supplied hereunder shall be reasonably free ofdefects in workmanship, design and material. Supplier represents and warrants that sale, licensing or use of any Product, Work Product andservice furnished under this Agreement, including but not limited to Software, system design, equipment or Documentation, do not andshall not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate any Intellectual Property Rights or any other rights of any third party. 19.3As of the Effective Date, there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending, or to the knowledge of Supplier threatened, against Supplier,Supplier’s Representatives and Subcontractors alleging infringement, misappropriation or other violation of any Intellectual Property Rightsrelated to any product, Work Product or Service contemplated by this Agreement. 19.4Supplier warrants that it shall develop any Customizations in a professional workmanlike manner, using qualified personnel familiar with theSoftware and its operation. 19.5Supplier hereby represents and warrants that the Software shall be and shall remain Operative, from the Delivery Date through the end ofthe Warranty Period. Following expiration of the Warranty Period and for so long as Bank of America has contracted Supplier to provideMaintenance Services, Supplier represents and warrants that the Software shall remain Operative. If the Software is not Operative at theexpiration of the initial Warranty Period, the Warranty Period shall be extended until Supplier makes the Software Operative. This warrantyshall not be affected by Bank of America’s modification of the Software so long as Supplier can discharge its warranty obligationsnotwithstanding such modifications or following their removal by Bank of America. 19.6Supplier warrants that during the term of this Agreement, Bank of America may use Product without disturbance, subject only to Bank ofAmerica’s obligations to make the payments required by this Agreement. Supplier represents that this Agreement, the Products and theIntellectual Property Rights in the Products are not subject or subordinate to any right of Supplier’s creditors, or if such subordinationexists, the agreement or instrument creating it provides for non-disturbance of Bank of America. 19.7Supplier represents and warrants that it is familiar with all applicable domestic and foreign antibribery or anticorruption laws, including thoseprohibiting Supplier, and, if applicable, its officers, employees, agents and others working on its behalf, from taking corrupt actions infurtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of anything of value, including but not limited to cash,checks, wire transfers, tangible and Intangible gifts, favors, services, and those entertainment and travel expenses that go beyond what isreasonable and customary and of modest value, to: (i) an executive, official, employee or agent of a governmental department, agency orinstrumentality, (ii) a director, officer, employee or agent of a wholly or partially government-owned or -controlled company or business, (iii)a political party or official thereof, or candidate for political office, or (iv) an executive, official, employee or agent of a public internationalorganization (e.g., the International Monetary Fund or the World Bank) (“Government Official’); while knowing or having a reasonable beliefthat all or some portion will be used for the purpose of: (a) influencing any act, decision or failure to act by a Government Official In his orher official capacity, (b) inducing a Government Official to use his or her influence with a government or instrumentality to affect any act ordecision of such government or entity, or (c) securing an Improper advantage; in order to obtain, retain, or direct business. 19.8Supplier represents and warrants that it would now be in compliance with all applicable domestic or foreign antibribery or anticorruptionlaws, including those prohibiting the bribery of Government Officials, and will remain in compliance with all applicable laws; that it will notauthorize, offer or Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018 make payments directly or indirectly to any Government Official; and that no part of the payments received by it from Bank of America willbe used for any purpose that could constitute a violation of any applicable laws. 19.9THE WARRANTIES CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT ARE IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 20.0DELETION OF FUNCTIONS 20.1In the event that Supplier deletes functions from the Software and transfers or offers those functions in other or new products (whetherdirectly or Indirectly or through an agreement with a third party), the portion of those other or new products that contain the functions inquestion, or the entire product, if the functions cannot be separated out, shall be provided to Bank of America under the terms of thisAgreement, at no additional charge and shall be covered under Maintenance Services for such Software. 21.0DISABLEMENT OF SOFTWARE AND HARDWARE 21.1Except during and in conjunction with maintenance or any other authorized servicing or support, in no event shall Supplier, itsRepresentatives or Subcontractors or anyone acting on its behalf, disable (or permit or cause any embedded mechanism to disable) theSoftware or hardware owned or utilized by Bank of America without the prior written permission of an officer of Bank of America.Disablement shall also apply to all instances of Software installed, used, and executed in support of disaster recovery activities or thenon-emergency tests of such activities. 22.0FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 22.1Upon Bank of America’s request, Supplier shall promptly furnish its financial statements as prepared by or for Supplier in the ordinarycourse of its business. If Supplier is subject to laws and regulations of the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission (SEC), the financialreporting and notification requirements contained herein shall be limited to all information that can be provided and in accordance withtimelines which are legally permitted. Financial information provided hereunder shall be used by Bank of America solely for the purpose ofdetermining Supplier’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement. To the extent any such financial information ls not otherwisepublicly available, it shall be deemed Confidential Information (as defined in Section 27.1) of Supplier. If Bank of America’s review offinancial statements causes Bank of America to question Supplier’s ability to perform its duties hereunder, Bank of America may request,and Supplier shall provide to Bank of America, reasonable assurances of Supplier’s ability to perform its duties hereunder. Failure bySupplier to provide such reasonable assurances to Bank of America shall be deemed a material breach of this Agreement. Furthermore,Supplier shall notify Bank of America immediately In the event there is a change of control or material adverse change in Supplier’s businessor financial condition. 23.0BUSINESS CONTINUITY 23.1Supplier agrees to establish, maintain and implement per the terms thereof, a Business Continuity Plan. The Business Continuity Plan mustbe in place and delivered to Bank of America within forty-five (45) calendar days after the Effective Date of this Agreement. The BusinessContinuity Plan shall be delivered annually thereafter and shall include, but not be limited to, the items called for in SCHEDULE G entitled“Recovery,” as applicable. If Bank of America objects in writing to any provision of such plans and controls, Supplier shall respond inwriting within thirty (30) calendar days, explaining, among other matters Supplier wishes to include in its response, the actions Supplierintends to take to cure Bank of America’s objection. Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/201824.0RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES 24.1The Parties are independent contractors. Nothing in this Agreement or in the activities contemplated by the Parties hereunder shall bedeemed to create an agency, partnership, employment or joint venture relationship between the Parties or any of their Subcontractors orRepresentatives. 25.0SUPPLIER PERSONNEL 25.1Bank of America shall provide Supplier, if necessary and at a mutually agreed upon time, reasonable access to Bank of America to provideits services, subject to the existing security regulations at Bank of America. 25.2Supplier’s personnel are not eligible to participate in any of the employee benefit or similar programs of Bank of America. Supplier shallinform all of its personnel providing services pursuant to this Agreement that they will not be considered employees of Bank of America forany purpose, and that Bank of America shall not be liable to any of them as an employer for any claims or causes of action arising out of orrelating to their assignment. 25.3Upon the request of Bank of America, Supplier shall immediately remove any of Supplier’s Representatives or Subcontractors performingservices under this Agreement and replace such Representative or Subcontractor as soon as practicable. Upon the request of Bank ofAmerica, Supplier shall promptly, and after consultation with Bank of America, address any concerns or issues raised by Bank of Americaregarding any of Supplier’s Representatives or Subcontractors performing services under this Agreement which may include, asappropriate, replacing such Representative or Subcontractor from the Bank of America account. 25.4The engagement of a Subcontractor by Supplier shall be subject to Bank of America’s prior written consent, which shall not beunreasonably withheld, and shall not relieve Supplier of any of its obligations under this Agreement. Supplier shall be responsible for theperformance or nonperformance of its Subcontractors as if such performance or nonperformance were that of Supplier. Supplier shall requireall Subcontractors, as a condition to their engagement, to agree to be bound by provisions substantially the same as those included in thisAgreement particularly the Sections entitled “Supplier Personnel,” “Insurance,” “Confidentiality and Information Protection,” “Audit” and“Business Continuity.” 25.5Supplier shall comply and shall cause its Representatives and Subcontractors to comply with all personnel, facility, safety and securitypolicies, rules and regulations and other instructions of Bank of America, when performing work at a Bank of America facility or accessingany Bank of America systems or data, and shall conduct its work at Bank of America facilities or on Bank of America systems in such amanner as to avoid endangering the safety, or interfering with the convenience of, Bank of America Representatives or customers. Supplierunderstands that Bank of America operates under various laws and regulations that are unique to the security-sensitive banking industry.As such, persons engaged by Supplier to provide services under this Agreement are held to a higher standard of conduct and scrutiny thanin other industries or business enterprises. Supplier agrees that its Representatives and Subcontractors providing services hereunder shallpossess appropriate character, disposition and honesty. Supplier shall, to the extent permitted by law, exercise reasonable and prudentefforts to comply with the security provisions of this Agreement. 25.6Supplier shall not knowingly permit a Representative or Subcontractor to have access to the Confidential Information, premises, records ordata of Bank of America when such Representative or Subcontractor: (a) has been convicted of a crime or has agreed to or entered into apretrial diversion or similar program in connection with: (i) a dishonest act or a breach of trust, as set forth in Section 19 of the FederalDeposit Insurance Act, 12 U.S.C. 1829(a); or (ii) a felony: or (b) uses illegal drugs. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to thecontrary, Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018 Supplier shall conduct at its expense background checks on its employees and those of its Subcontractors who will have access (whetherphysical, remote, or otherwise and whether on or off Bank of America premises) to Bank of America facilities, equipment, systems or dataand such background checks shall comply with Bank of America procedures and requirements as set forth in SCHEDULE F to thisAgreement and updated in writing delivered to Supplier from time to time. Supplier shall report to Bank of America on background checksdone, in accordance with the requirements of SCHEDULE F and prior to such employee being granted such access. 25.7Supplier represents that it maintains comprehensive hiring policies and procedures which include, among other things, a background checkfor criminal convictions, and if requested by Bank of America, drug testing, all to the extent permitted by law. Supplier further represents thatthrough its hiring policies and procedures including background checks, it endeavors to hire the best candidates with appropriate character,disposition, and honesty. In the event that supplier employs non-U.S. citizens to provide services hereunder, Supplier shall ensure that allsuch persons have and maintain appropriate visas to enable them to provide the services. 25.8Bank or America shall notify Supplier of any act of dishonesty or breach of trust committed against Bank of America. which may involve aSupplier Representative, or Subcontractor of which Bank of America becomes aware, and Supplier shall notify Bank of America if it becomesaware of any such offense. Following such notice, at the request of Bank of America and to the extent permitted by law, Supplier shallcooperate with investigations conducted by or on behalf of Bank of America. 26.0INSURANCE 26.1Supplier shall at its own expense secure and continuously maintain, and shall require its Subcontractors to secure and continuouslymaintain, throughout the Term, the following insurance with companies qualified to do business in the jurisdiction in which the services willbe performed and rating A-VII or better in the current Best’s Insurance Reports published by A M. Best Company and shall, upon Bank ofAmerica’s request, be furnished to Bank of America certificates and required endorsements evidencing such insurance. Bank of Americashall be named as an ‘‘Additional Insured” to the coverages described in Sections 26.2.3, 26.2.4, and 26.2.5 below for the purpose ofprotecting Bank of America from any expense and/or liability arising out of, alleged to arise out of, related to or connected with the Productsprovided by Supplier and/or its Subcontractors. The certificates shall state the amount of all deductibles and self-insured retentions andshall contain evidence that the policy or policies shall not be canceled or materially altered without at least thirty (30) calendar days priorwritten notice to Bank of America. Supplier and its Subcontractors shalt pay any and all costs which are incurred by Bank of America as aresult of any such deductibles or self-insured retentions to the extent that Bank of America is named as an “Additional Insured,” and to thesame extent as if the policies contained no deductibles or self-insured retention. The insurance coverages and limits required to bemaintained by Supplier and its Subcontractors shall be primary and non-contributory to insurance coverage, if any, maintained by Bank ofAmerica. Supplier and Proprietary to Bank of America its Subcontractors and their underwriters shall waive subrogation against Bank ofAmerica and shall cause their insurer(s) to waive subrogation against Bank of America. 26.2Insurance Coverages 26.2.1 Worker’s Compensation Insurance which shall fully comply with the statutory requirements of all applicable state and federal laws. 26.2.2 Employers’ Liability Insurance which limit shall be 1,000,000 per accident for Bodily injury and 1,000,000 per employee/aggregate fordisease. Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/201826.2.3 Commercial General Liability Insurance with a minimum combined single limit of liability of 1,000,000 per occurrence and 2,000,000aggregate for bodily Injury, death, property damage and personal injury, and specifically covering infringement of Intellectual PropertyRights. This policy shall include products/completed operations coverage and shall also include contractual liability coverage. 26.2.4 Business Automobile Liability Insurance covering all owned, hired and non-owned vehicles and equipment used by Supplier with aminimum combined single limit of liability of 1,000,000 for injury and/or death and/or property damage. 26.2.5 Excess coverage with respect to Sections 26.2.2, 26.2.3 and 26.2.4 above with a per occurrence limit of 5,000,000. The limits of liabilityrequired In subsections 26.2.2, 26.2.3 and 26.2.4 may be satisfied by a combination of those policies with an Umbrella/Excess Liability policy. 26.2.6 Technology Errors and Omissions Insurance with minimum limits of not less than 5,000,000, covering liabilities arising from errors,omission, etc., in rendering computer or information technology services including but not limited to (1) systems analysis (2) systemsprogramming (3) data processing (4) systems integration (5) outsourcing including outsourcing development and design (6) systemsdesign, consulting, development and modification (7) training services relating to computer software or hardware (8) management, repair andmaintenance of computer products, networks and systems (9) marketing, selling, servicing, distributing, installing and maintaining computerhardware or software (10) data entry, modification, verification, maintenance, storage, retrieval or preparation of data output. 26.2.7 Supplier shall be responsible for loss to bank property and customer property, directly or indirectly, and shall maintain Fidelity Bond orCrime coverage for the dishonest acts of its employees in a minimum amount of 5,000,000. Supplier shall endorse such policy to include a“Client Coverage” or “Joint Payee Coverage” endorsement Bank of America shall be named as “Loss Payee, As Their Interest MayAppear’’ in such Fidelity Bond. 26.3The failure of Bank of America to obtain certificates, endorsements, or other forms of insurance evidence from Supplier and itsSubcontractors is not a waiver by Bank of America of any requirements for the Supplier and its Subcontractors to secure and continuouslymaintain the specified coverages. Supplier shall notify and shall advise its Subcontractors to notify insurers of the coverages requiredhereunder. Bank of America’s acceptance of certificates and/or endorsements that in any respect do not comply with the requirements ofthis Section does not release the Supplier and its Subcontractors from compliance herewith. Should Supplier and/or its Subcontractors failto secure and continuously maintain the insurance coverage required under this Agreement, Supplier shall itself be responsible to Bank ofAmerica for all the benefits and protections that would have been provided by such coverage, including without limitation, the defense andindemnification protections. 27.0CONFIDENTIALITY AND INFORMATION PROTECTION 27.1The term “Confidential Information” shall mean this Agreement and all data, trade secrets, business information and other information ofany kind whatsoever that a Party (“Discloser’’) discloses, in writing, orally, visually or in any other medium, to the other Party (“Recipient”)or to which Recipient obtains access and that relates to Discloser or, in the case of Supplier, to Bank of America or its Representatives,customers, third-party vendors or licensors. Confidential Information includes Associate Information, Customer information and Consumerinformation, as defined in the Section entitled ‘‘Definitions.” A “writing” shall include an electronic transfer of information by e-mail, overthe internet or otherwise. 27.2Supplier acknowledges that Bank of America has a responsibility to its customers and other consumers using Its services to keep AssociateInformation, Customer Information and Consumer Information strictly confidential. Each of the Parties, as Recipient, hereby agrees that itwill not, and will cause its Representatives, consultants, Affiliates and independent contractors not to disclose Confidential Information ofthe other Party, including Associate Information, Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018 Customer Information and Consumer Information, during or after the Term of this Agreement, other than on a “need to know” basis andthen only to: (a) Affiliates of Bank of America; (b) Recipient’s employees or officers; (c) Affiliates of Recipient, its independent contractorsat any level, agents and consultants, provided that all such persons are subject to a written confidentiality agreement that shall be no lessrestrictive than the provisions of this Section; (d) pursuant to the exceptions set forth in 15 U.S.C 6802(e) and accompanying regulations,which disclosures are made in the ordinary course of business and (e) as required by law or as otherwise expressly permitted by thisAgreement. Recipient shall not use or disclose Confidential Information of the other Party for any purpose other than to carry out thisAgreement. Recipient shall treat Confidential Information of the other Party with no less care than it employs for its own ConfidentialInformation of a similar nature that it does not wish to disclose, publish or disseminate, but not less than a reasonable level of care. Uponexpiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason or at the written request of Bank of America during the Term of this Agreement.Supplier shall promptly return to Bank of America or destroy according to the Information Destruction Requirements described withinSCHEDULE E, “Information Security . at Bank of America’s election, all Bank of America Confidential Information in the possession ofSupplier or Supplier’s Subcontractors, subject to and in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement. 27.3To the extent legally permitted, Recipient shall notify Discloser of any actual or threatened requirement of law to disclose ConfidentialInformation promptly upon receiving actual knowledge thereof and shall cooperate with Discloser’s reasonable, lawful efforts to resist, limitor delay disclosure. Nothing in this Section shall require any notice or other action by Bank of America in connection with requests ordemands for Confidential Information by bank examiners. 27.4Supplier shall not remove or download from Bank of America’s premises or systems, the original or any reproduction of any notes,memoranda, files, records, or other documents, whether in tangible or electronic form, containing Bank of America’s Confidential Informationor any document prepared by or on behalf of Supplier that contains or is based on Bank of America’s Confidential Information, without theprior written consent of an authorized Representative of Bank of America. Any document or media provided by an authorized Bank ofAmerica Representative or notes taken to document discussions with Bank of America Representatives pertaining to the Products providedhereunder will be deemed to fall outside this consent requirement unless otherwise stated by the Bank of America Representative. 27.5With the exception of Associate Information, Customer Information and Consumer Information, the obligations of confidentiality in thisSection shall not apply to any information that (i) Recipient rightfully has in its possession when disclosed to it, free of obligation toDiscloser to maintain its confidentiality; (ii) Recipient independently develops without access to Discloser’s Confidential Information; (iii) isor becomes known to the public other than by breach of this Section or (iv) is rightfully received by Recipient from a third party without theobligation of confidentiality. Any combination of Confidential Information disclosed with information not so classified shall not be deemedto be within one of the foregoing exclusions merely because individual portions of such combination are free of any confidentialityobligation or are separately known in the public domain. 27.6Bank of America may disclose Confidential Information of Supplier to independent contractors for the purpose of further handling,processing, modifying and adapting the Products for use by or for Bank of America, provided that such independent contractors haveagreed to observe in substance the obligations of Bank of America set forth in this Section. 27.7All Confidential Information disclosed by Bank of America and any results of processing such Confidential Information or derived in anyway therefrom shall at all times remain the property of Bank of America. Supplier shall have the responsibility for and bear all risk of loss ordamage to Confidential Information and damages resulting from improper or inaccurate processing of such data arising from the negligenceor willful misconduct of Supplier, its Representatives or Subcontractors. Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/201827.8Supplier acknowledges that Bank of America is required to comply with the information security standards required by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6801, 6805(b)(1)) and the regulations issued thereunder (12 C.F.R. Part 40), the Fair and Accurate Credit TransactionsAct (15 U.S.C. 1681, 1681w) and the regulations issued thereunder (12 C.F.R. Parts 30 and 41) and with other statutory, legal and regulatoryrequirements (collectively, “Privacy Laws’’) If applicable, Supplier shall make commercial best efforts to assist Bank of America to so complyand shall comply and conform with applicable Privacy Laws, as amended from time to time, and with the Bank of America policies forinformation protection as modified by Bank of America from time to time. 27.9Bank of America may, in its sole discretion and at any time during the Term of this Agreement, suspend, revoke or terminate Supplier’s rightto receive Confidential Information upon written notice to Supplier. Upon receipt of that notice, Supplier shall (i) immediately stop accessingand/or accepting Confidential Information and (ii) promptly return to Bank of America or destroy according to the Information DestructionRequirements described within SCHEDULE E, “Information Security,” at Bank of America’s election, all Bank of America ConfidentialInformation in the possession of Supplier or Suppliers Subcontractors, subject to and in accordance with the terms and provisions of thisAgreement. 27.10As a condition of access to the Confidential Information of Bank of America, Supplier shall make available to Bank of America a copy of itswritten Information Security Program for evaluation. The program shall be designed to: A.Ensure the security, integrity and confidentiality of Confidential Information; B.Protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such Confidential Information; C.Protect against unauthorized access to or use of such Confidential Information that could result in substantial harm orinconvenience to the person or entity that is the subject of such Confidential Information; and D.Ensure the proper disposal of such Confidential Information. 27.11At the request of Bank of America, Supplier shall make commercially reasonable modifications to its Information Security Program or to theprocedures and practices thereunder to conform at least to the Bank Security Requirements. Supplier shall require any Subcontractors andother persons or entities who provide services to Supplier for delivery to Bank of America directly or indirectly or who hold ConfidentialInformation to implement and administer an information protection program and plan that complies with Bank Security Requirements.Supplier shall include or shall cause to be included in written agreements with such Subcontractors or other persons or entities substantiallythe terms of this Section and the provisions of SCHEDULE E. 27.12One aspect of the determination of Supplier compliance with Bank Security Requirements is a review of Supplier Security Controls. As acondition precedent to performance under this Agreement, Supplier agrees to satisfy the following validation requirements: A.Participation in Bank of America’s Supplier testing and assessment process including the completion of online and/or on-siteassessment(s), as appropriate, and remediation of any findings; Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018 B.Periodic discussions between Bank of America personnel and Supplier Information Technology security personnel to reviewSupplier Security Controls; and C.Delivery to Bank of America of network diagrams depicting Supplier perimeter controls and security policies and processes relevantto the protection of Confidential Information. Examples of these policies include, but are not limited to, access control, physicalsecurity, patch management. password standards, encryption standards, and change control.27.13 During the course of performance under this Agreement, Supplier shall ensure the following: A.Adequate governance and risk assessment processes are in place to maintain controls over Confidential Information. A securityawareness program must be in place or implemented that communicates security policies to all Supplier (and SupplierSubcontractor(s)) personnel having access to Confidential Information. B.Notification to Bank of America of changes that may impact the security of Confidential Information. Such changes requiringnotification include, by way of example and not limitation, outsourcing of computer networking, data storage, management andprocessing or other information technology functions or facilities and the implementation of external web-enabled (internet) accessto Confidential Information. C.Use of strong, industry-standard encryption of Confidential Information transmitted over public networks (e.g. internet,non-dedicated leased lines) and backup tapes residing at off-site storage facilities. 27.14Bank of America reserves the right to monitor Supplier-maintained platforms that reside on the Bank of America network. The Supplier maybe required, at the expense of Bank of America, to assist with installation, support and problem resolution of Bank of America ownedequipment or processes, or to provide an information feed from the Supplier Platform to the Bank of America monitoring processes. 27.15Supplier shall deliver an updated information Security Program or confirm that no changes have been made to the Information SecurityProgram annually. 27.16Supplier understands and acknowledges its obligation to adhere to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS) for theprotection of cardholder data throughout the Term of the contract and any Renewal Terms. The PCI DSS may be found atwww.pcisecuritystandards.org. Supplier further understands that it is responsible for the security of cardholder data In its possession orcontrol or in the possession or control of any Subcontractors that it engages to perform under this contract. Such Subcontractors must beidentified to and approved by Bank of America in writing prior to sharing cardholder data with the Subcontractor. In support of thisobligation, Supplier shall provide appropriate documentation to demonstrate compliance with PCI DSS standards by Supplier and allidentified Subcontractors. Failure to discharge this obligation may be considered by Bank of America to be a Termination Event under (a) ofsubsection 5.2. 28.0INDEMNITY 28.1Supplier shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Bank of America and its Representatives, successors, permitted assigns and customersfrom and against any and all claims or legal actions of whatever kind or nature that are made or threatened by any third party and an relatedlosses, expenses, damages, costs and liabilities, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses incurred in investigation, defense orsettlement (“Damages”), which arise out of, are alleged to arise out of, or relate to the following: (a) any negligent act or omission or willfulmisconduct by Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018 Supplier, its Representatives or any Subcontractor engaged by Supplier in the performance of Supplier’s obligations under this Agreement;or (b) any breach in a representation, covenant or obligation of Supplier contained in this Agreement 28.2Supplier shall defend or settle at its expense any threat, claim, suit or proceeding arising from or alleging infringement, misappropriation orother violation of any Intellectual Property Rights or any other rights of any third party by Products, Work Product or services furnishedunder this Agreement Supplier shall indemnify and hold Bank of America, its Affiliates and each of their Representatives, successors,permitted assigns and customers harmless from and against and pay any Damages. including royalties and license fees attributable to suchthreat, claim, suit or proceeding. A.If any Product, Work Product or service furnished under this Agreement, including, without limitation, software, system design,equipment or Documentation, becomes, or in Bank of America’s or Supplier’s reasonable opinion is likely to become, the subject ofany claim, suit, or proceeding arising from or alleging facts that if true would constitute infringement, misappropriation or otherviolation of, or in the event of any adjudication that such Work Product or Product infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violatesany Intellectual Property Rights or any other rights of a third party, Supplier shall promptly notify Bank of America and, at Supplier’sexpense, Supplier shall take the following actions in the listed order of preference: (i) secure for Bank of America the right to continueusing the Work Product or Product; or if commercially reasonable efforts are unavailing, (ii) replace or modify the Work Product orProduct to make it noninfringing; provided, however, that such modification or replacement shall not degrade the operation orperformance of the Work Product or Product. B.The indemnity in the preceding provision shall not extend to any claim of infringement resulting solely from Bank of America’sunauthorized modification or use of the Work Product or Product. 28.3Bank of America shall give Supplier notice of, and the Parties shall cooperate in, the defense of any such claim, suit or proceeding, includingappeals, negotiations and any settlement or compromise thereof, provided that Bank of America must approve the terms of any settlementor compromise that may impose any unindemnified or nonmonetary liability on Bank of America. 29.0LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 29.1Neither Party shall be liable to the other for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive or exemplary damages, including, butnot limited to, lost profits, even if such Party alleged to be liable has knowledge of the possibility of such damages, provided, however, thatthe limitations set forth in this Section shall not apply to or in any way limit the obligations of the Section entitled “Indemnity,” the Sectionentitled “Confidentiality and Information Protection,” or Supplier’s gross negligence or willful misconduct. 30.0DAMAGE TO BANK OF AMERICA SYSTEMS 30.1Supplier represents and warrants that the Product and any media used to distribute it contain no computer instructions, circuitry or othertechnological means (“Harmful Code”) whose purpose is to disrupt, damage or interfere with Bank of America’s use of its computer andtelecommunications facilities for their commercial, test or research purposes. Harmful Code shall include, without limitation, any automaticrestraint, time-bomb, trap-door, virus, worm, Trojan horse or other harmful code or instrumentality that will cause the Products or any otherBank of America software, hardware or system to cease to operate or to fail to conform to its specifications. Supplier shall indemnify Bank ofAmerica and hold Bank of America harmless from all claims, losses, damages and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising from thepresence of Harmful Code in or with the Product or contained on media delivered by Supplier. Supplier further represents and warrants thatit will not introduce any Harmful Code, into any computer or electronic data storage system used by Bank of America. Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/201831.0SUPPLIER DIVERSITY 31.1Supplier acknowledges and supports the Bank of America Supplier Diversity efforts supporting minority, woman and disabled-ownedbusiness enterprises and its commitment to the participation of minority, woman and disabled-owned business enterprises in itsprocurement of goods and services. 31.2Definitions: For purposes of this Agreement, the following are the definitions of “Minority-Owned Business Enterprise,” “Minority Group,”“Woman-Owned Business Enterprise,” “Disabled-Veteran-Owned Business Enterprise” and “Disabled-Owned Business Enterprise.” A.“Minority-Owned Business Enterprise” is recognized as a “for profit” enterprise, regardless of size, physically located in the UnitedStates or its trust territories, which is at least fifty-one (51%) percent owned, operated and controlled, by one or more member(s) of aMinority Group who maintain United States citizenship. B.“Minority Group” means African Americans, Hispanic Americans, Native Americans (American Indians, Eskimos, Aleuts, and nativeHawaiians), Asian-Pacific Americans, and other minority group as recognized by the United States Small Business AdministrationOffice of Minority Small Business and Capital ownership Development. C.“Woman-Owned Business Enterprise” is recognized as a “for profit” enterprise, regardless of size, located in the United States or itstrust territories, which is at least fifty-one (51%) percent owned, operated and controlled by a female of United States citizenship. D.“Disabled Veteran-Owned Business Enterprise” is recognized as a “for profit” enterprise, regardless of size, located In the UnitedStates or its trust territories, which is at least fifty-one (51%) percent owned, operated, and controlled by a disabled veteran. Thedisabled veteran’s ownership and control shall be real and continuing and not created solely to take advantage of special or setaside programs aimed at supplier diversity. The Association of Service Disabled Veterans, www.asdv.org provides certification forthis category of business owners throughout the United States. E.“Disabled-Owned Business Enterprise” is recognized as a “for profit” enterprise, regardless of size, located in the United States or itstrust territories, which is at least fifty-one (51%) percent owned, operated and controlled, by an individual of United Statescitizenship with a permanent mental or physical impairment that substantially limits one or more of the major life activities and whichhas a significant negative impact upon the company’s ability to successfully compete. The ownership and control shall be real andcontinuing and not created solely to take advantage of special or set aside programs aimed at supplier diversity. Due to the absenceof a certifying agency for this category of business owners, the Disabled-Owned Business Enterprise must complete an affidavit andprovide supporting documentation to be eligible for consideration towards diverse supplier participation. 31.3In addition to the above criteria to qualify as a Minority, Woman or Disabled-Owned Business Enterprise under this Agreement, the diversesupplier must be certified by an agency acceptable to Bank of America. 31.4Participation Representation: Supplier represents it is not a Minority-, Woman-, Disabled- or Veteran- Disabled Owned Business Enterprise. Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/201832.0ENVIRONMENTAL INITIATIVE 32.1Supplier acknowledges that Bank of America encourages each supplier with which it enters into an agreement for the provision of goods orservices to use, consistent with the efficient performance of such agreements, recycled paper goods and other environmentally preferableproducts, and to implement and adhere to other environmentally beneficial policies and practices. Supplier represents and warrants thatSupplier uses environmentally beneficial practices specific to its industry that meet at least the minimum standard recommended for itsindustry. Upon Bank of America’s request, Supplier will provide written information on its environmental policies and procedures. 33.0AUDIT 33.1Supplier shall maintain at no additional cost to Bank of America, in a reasonably accessible location, all Records pertaining to its Productsand services provided to Bank of America under this Agreement for a period of seven (7) years or as required by law, if longer. SuchSupplier Records referenced above may be inspected, audited and copied by Bank of America, its Representatives or by federal or stateagencies having jurisdiction over Bank of America, during normal business hours and at such reasonable times as Bank of America andSupplier may determine. Records available for review shall exclude any records pertaining to Supplier’s other customers deemed proprietaryand confidential and Supplier confidential and proprietary records not associated with the Products and services provided under thisAgreement. Supplier will give prior notice to Bank of America of requests by federal or state authorities to examine Supplier’s Bank ofAmerica Records. At Bank of America’s written request, Supplier shall reasonably cooperate with Bank of America in seeking a protectiveorder with respect to such Records. 33.2Supplier shall provide at its expense on an annual basis, a copy of the latest SAS70 (Statement on Auditing Standards No. 70, ServiceOrganizations) Type II independent audit firm report for facilities not managed by Bank of America that are used to provide Products underthis Agreement. If not available, Supplier, at its sole cost and expense, will engage a nationally recognized certified public accounting firm toconduct the audit and prepare applicable reports. Each report will cover a minimum six (6) calendar month period each calendar year duringthe Term. Bank of America reserves the right to expand the scope of the controls to be covered in any SAS70-Type II audit report preparedduring the Term. Supplier shall provide Bank of America with the scope of the audit and a complete copy of each report prepared inconnection with each such audit within thirty (30) calendar days after it receives such report. 33.3Supplier shall provide a copy of the latest operational audit for facilities not managed by Bank of America that are used to provide servicesunder this Agreement. If necessary, Supplier, at its sole cost and expense, will engage a nationally recognized certified public accountingfirm to conduct the audit and prepare applicable reports. Each report will cover a minimum six (6) calendar month period each calendar yearduring the Term. Such audits may be on a rotating site basis where operations and procedures of Supplier services provided to Bank ofAmerica are in multiple locations in order to confirm that Supplier is in compliance in all aspects of the Agreement Supplier shall provideBank of America with a copy of each report prepared in connection with each such audit within thirty (30) calendar days after it receivessuch report. 33.4During regular business hours but no more frequently than once a year, Bank of America may, at Its sole expense, perform a confidentialaudit of Supplier’s operations as they pertain to the Products or services provided under this Agreement. Such audits shall be conductedon a mutually agreed upon date (which shall be no more than ten (10) Business Days after Bank of America’s written notice of time, locationand duration), subject to reasonable postponement by Supplier upon Supplier’s reasonable request, provided, however, that no suchpostponement shall exceed twenty (20) Business Days. Bank of America will provide Supplier a summary of the findings from each reportprepared in connection with any such audit and discuss results, including remediation plans. If audit results find Supplier Is not insubstantial compliance with the Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018 requirements of this Agreement, then Bank of America shall be entitled, at Supplier’s expense, to perform up to two (2) additional suchaudits in that year in accordance with the procedure set forth in this Section. Supplier agrees to promptly take action at Its expense tocorrect those matters or items identified in any such audit that require correction. Failure to correct such matters shall be considered amaterial breach of this Agreement. 33.5Supplier will provide reasonable access to Bank of America’s federal and state governmental regulators (at a minimum, to the extent requiredby law), at Bank of America’s expense, to Bank of America’s Records held by Supplier and to the procedures and facilities of Supplierrelating to the Products and services provided under this Agreement Pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 1867(c), the performance of such services will besubject to regulation and examination by the appropriate federal banking agency to the same extent as if the services were being performedby Bank of America itself. Supplier acknowledges and agrees that regulatory agencies may audit Supplier’s performance at any time duringnormal business hours and that such audits may include both methods and results under this Agreement. 33.6Upon prior written notice and at a mutually acceptable time, Bank of America personnel or its Representatives (e.g., external auditconsultants) may audit, test or inspect Supplier’s Information Security Program and its facilities to assure Bank of America’s data andConfidential Information are adequately protected. This right to audit is in addition to the other audit rights or assessments granted herein.Bank of America will determine the scope of such audits, tests or inspections, which may extend to Supplier’s Subcontractors and otherSupplier resources (other systems, environmental support, recovery processes, etc.) used to support the systems and handling ofConfidential Information. Supplier will inform Bank of America of any internal auditing capability it possesses and permit Bank of America’spersonnel to consult on a confidential basis with such auditors at all reasonable times. Bank of America may provide Supplier a summary ofthe findings from each report prepared in connection with any such audit and discuss results, including any remediation plans. Withoutlimiting any other rights of Bank of America herein, if Supplier is In breach or otherwise not compliant with any of the provisions set forth inthe Section of this Agreement entitled “Confidentiality and Information Protection” and/or SCHEDULE E, then Bank of America mayconduct additional audits. 33.7In addition to the requirements under this Section 33.0 and upon Bank of America’s request, Supplier shall deliver to Bank of America,within thirty (30) calendar days after its receipt by its board of directors or senior management. a copy of any preliminary or final report ofaudit of Supplier by any third-party auditors retained by Supplier, including any management letter such auditors submit, and on any otheraudit or inspection upon which Bank of America and Supplier may mutually agree. 34.0NON-ASSIGNMENT 34.1Neither Party may assign this Agreement or any of the rights hereunder or delegate any of its obligations hereunder, without the priorwritten consent of the other Party, and any such attempted assignment shall be void, except that Bank of America or any permitted Bank ofAmerica assignee may assign any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, any individual Order) toany Bank of America Affiliate, the surviving corporation with or into which Bank of America or such assignee may merge or consolidate oran entity to which Bank of America or such assignee transfers all, or substantially all, of its business and assets. Bank of America may notunreasonably withhold its consent of assignment in the event the supplier merges or consolidates with another entity. 35.0GOVERNING LAW 35.1This Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws, and not by the laws regarding conflicts of laws, of the State of North Carolina. EachParty hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of such state, and waives any objection to venue with respect to actionsbrought in such courts. This provision shall not be construed to conflict with the provisions of the Section entitled“Mediation/Arbitration.” Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/201836.0DISPUTE RESOLUTION 36.1The following procedure will be adhered to in all disputes arising under this Agreement which the Parties cannot resolve informally throughtheir Relationship Managers. The aggrieved Party shall notify the other Party in writing of the nature of the dispute with as much detail aspossible about the deficient performance of the other Party. The Relationship Managers shall meet (in person or by telephone) within seven(7) calendar days (or other mutually agreed upon date) after the date of the written notification to reach an agreement about the nature of thedeficiency and the corrective action to be taken by the respective Parties. If the Relationship Managers do not meet or are unable to agreeon corrective action, senior managers of the Parties having authority to resolve the dispute without the further consent of any other person(“Management”) shall meet or otherwise act to facilitate an agreement within fourteen (14) calendar days (or other mutually agreed upondate) of the date of the written notification. If Management do not meet or cannot resolve the dispute or agree upon a written plan ofcorrective action to do so within seven (7) calendar days (or other mutually agreed upon date) after their initial meeting or other action, or ifthe agreed-upon completion dates in the written plan of corrective action are exceeded, either Party may request mediation and/or arbitrationas provided for in this Agreement. Except as otherwise specifically provided, neither Party shall initiate arbitration, mediation or litigationunless and until this dispute resolution procedure has been substantially compiled with or waived. Failure of a Party to fulfill its obligationsin this Section, including failure to meet timely upon the other Party’s notice, shall be deemed such a waiver. 37.0MEDIATION/ARBITRATION 37.1If the Parties are unable to resolve a dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement in accordance with the Section entitled “DisputeResolution,” the Parties will in good faith attempt to resolve such dispute through non-binding mediation. The mediation shall be conductedbefore a mediator acceptable to both sides, who shall be an attorney or retired judge practicing in the areas of banking and/or informationtechnology law. The mediation shall be held In Charlotte, N.C., provided, however, a dispute relating to infringement of Intellectual PropertyRights or the Section entitled “Confidentiality and Information Protection” shall not be subject to this Section entitled“Mediation/Arbitration.” 37.2Any controversy or claim, other than those specifically excluded, between or among the Parties not resolved through mediation under thepreceding provision, shall at the request of a Party be determined by arbitration. The arbitration shall be conducted by one independentarbitrator who shall be an attorney or retired judge practicing in the areas of banking and/or Information technology law. The arbitrationshall be held in Charlotte, N.C. in accordance with the United States Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), notwithstanding any choice of lawprovision in this Agreement, and under the auspices and the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. 37.3Consistent with the expedited nature of arbitration, each Party will, upon the written request of the other Party, promptly provide the otherwith copies of documents relevant to the issues raised by any claim or counterclaim on which the producing Party may rely in support of orin opposition to any claim or defense. At the request of a Party, the arbitrator shall have the discretion to order examination by deposition ofwitnesses to the extent the arbitrator deems such additional discovery relevant and appropriate. Depositions shall be limited to a maximumof three (3) per Party and shall be held within thirty (30) calendar days of the making of a request. Additional depositions may be scheduledonly with the permission of the arbitrator, and for good cause shown. Each deposition shall be limited to a maximum of three (3) hoursduration. All objections are reserved for the arbitration hearing except for objections based on privilege and proprietary or confidentialinformation. Any dispute regarding discovery, or the relevance or scope thereof, shall be determined by the arbitrator, which determinationshall be conclusive. All discovery shall be completed within sixty (60) calendar days following the appointment of the arbitrator. Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/201837.4The arbitrator shall give effect to statutes of limitation in determining any claim, and any controversy concerning whether an issue isarbitrable shall be determined by the arbitrator. The arbitrator shall follow the law in reaching a reasoned decision and shall deliver a writtenopinion setting forth findings of fact, conclusions of law and the rationale for the decision. The arbitrator shall reconsider the decision onceupon the motion and at the expense of a Party. The Section of this Agreement entitled “Confidentiality and Information Protection” shallapply to the arbitration proceeding, all evidence taken, and the arbitrator’s opinion, which shall be Confidential Information of both Parties.Judgment upon the decision rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. 37.5No provision of this Section shall limit the right of a Party to obtain provisional or ancillary remedies from a court of competent jurisdictionbefore, after, or during the pendency of any arbitration. The exercise of a remedy does not waive the right of either Party to resort toarbitration. The institution and maintenance of an action for judicial relief or pursuit of a provisional or ancillary remedy shall not constitutea waiver of the right of either Party to submit the controversy or claim to arbitration if the other Party contests such action for judicial relief. 38.0NON-EXCLUSIVE NATURE OF AGREEMENT 38.1Supplier agrees that it shall not be considered Bank of America’s exclusive provider of any goods or services provided hereunder. Bank ofAmerica retains the unconditional right to utilize other vendors in the provision of services and products whether or not similar to theservices and Products described in this Agreement. 39.0OWNERSHIP OF WORK PRODUCT 39.1Bank of America will own exclusively all Work Product and Supplier hereby assigns to Bank of America all right, title and interest (includingall Intellectual Property Rights) in the Work Product. Work Product, to the extent permitted by law, shall be deemed “works made for hire”(as that term is defined in the United States Copyright Act). Supplier shall provide Bank of America upon request with all assistancereasonably required to register, perfect or enforce such right, title and interest, including providing pertinent information and, executing allapplications, specifications, oaths, assignments and all other instruments that Bank of America shall deem necessary. Supplier shall enterinto agreements with all of its Representatives and Subcontractors necessary to establish Bank of America’s sole ownership in the WorkProduct. Bank of America acknowledges Supplier’s and its licensors’ claims of proprietary rights in preexisting works of authorship andother intellectual property (“Pre-existing IP”) Supplier uses in its work pursuant to this Agreement. Bank of America does not claim any rightnot expressly granted by this Agreement in such Pre-existing IP, which shall not be deemed Work Product, even if incorporated with WorkProduct in the Product Supplier delivers to Bank of America. Unless otherwise agreed in an Order, Supplier grants Bank of America aperpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, nonexclusive royalty free license to any Pre-existing IP embedded in the Work Product, which shall permitBank of America and any transferee or sublicensee of Bank of America, subject to the restrictions in this Agreement, to make, use, import,reproduce, display, distribute, make derivative works and modify such Pre-existing IP as necessary or desirable for the use of the WorkProduct. 39.2Supplier shall promptly notify Bank of America in writing, of any threat, or the filing of any action, suit or proceeding, against Supplier, itsAffiliates, Subcontractors or Representatives, (i) alleging infringement, misappropriation or other violation of any Intellectual Property Rightrelated to any Product, Work Product or service furnished under this Agreement, or (ii) in which an adverse decision would reasonably beexpected to have a material adverse effect on the Supplier or the use by Bank of America of the Products, Work Product or servicesfurnished under this Agreement. Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/201839.3At all times during the Term, upon request from Bank of America and upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, Supplier shallprovide immediately to Bank of America the then-current version of any Work Product in Supplier’s possession. 39.4Supplier understands and acknowledges that Bank of America may (i) manage, modify, maintain and update pre-existing data andinformation, and (ii) generate, manage, modify, maintain and update additional data and information (collectively, “Bank of America Data”)using the Software. Bank of America Data will be treated as Bank of America Confidential Information and Bank of America shall retain allright, title and interest in and to all Bank of America Data. 39.5Bank of America shall have the right to interface the Software and to use it in conjunction with other software, programs, routines andsubroutines developed or acquired by Bank of America. Supplier shall have no ownership interest in any other software, program, routine orsubroutine developed by Bank of America or acquired by Bank of America from a third party by virtue of its having been interfaced with orused in conjunction with any Software. 40.0MISCELLANEOUS 40.1Bank of America and Supplier represent that they are equal opportunity employers and do not discriminate in employment of persons orawarding of subcontracts because of a person’s race, sex, age, religion, national origin, veteran or handicap status. Supplier is aware of andfully informed of Supplier’s responsibilities and agrees to the provisions under the following: (a) Executive Order 11246, as amended orsuperseded in whole or in part, and as contained in Section 202 of the Executive Order as found at 41 C.F.R. § 60-1.4(a)(1-7); (b) Section 503of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 as contained in 41 C.F. R. § 60- 741.4; and (c) The Vietnam Era Veterans’ Readjustment Assistance Act of1974 as contained in 41 C.F.R. § 60-250.4. 40.2Section headings are included for convenience or reference only and are not intended to define or limit the scope of any provision of thisAgreement and should not be used to construe or interpret this Agreement. 40.3No delay, failure or waiver of either Party’s exercise or partial exercise of any right or remedy under this Agreement shall operate to limit,impair, preclude, cancel, waive or otherwise affect such right or remedy. Any waiver by either Party of any provision of this Agreement shallnot imply a subsequent waiver of that or any other provision of this Agreement. 40.4If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisionsshall in no way be affected or impaired thereby. 40.5No amendments of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless made by an instrument in writing signed by both Partiesspecifically referencing this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything therein to the contrary, the terms of any Order to this Agreement shallsupplement and not replace or amend the terms or provisions of this Agreement and the terms and provisions of this Agreement shallcontrol in the event of any conflict between such terms thereof and the terms and provisions of this Agreement and such conflict shall beresolved in favor of the express terms and provisions of this Agreement. The terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be incorporatedby reference into any Order to this Agreement. 40.6Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the Parties hereby agree that thirty (30) calendar days after written notice byBank of America of any amendment to this Agreement for compliance with a change in federal law, rule or regulation affecting financialservices companies or the suppliers of financial services companies, this Agreement shall be amended by such notice and the amendmentcontained therein and without need for further action of the Parties, and the Agreement as amended thereby, shall be enforceable againstthe Parties, their successors and assigns. The notice provided hereunder shall set forth such change and provide Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018 the relevant amendment to the Agreement. Bank of America shall have the right to terminate immediately the Agreement, without furtherliability to Supplier, in the event of Supplier’s failure to comply with the terms and conditions of any such amendment to the Agreement. 40.7This Agreement may be executed by the Parties in one or more counterparts, and each of which when so executed shall be an original but allsuch counterparts shall constitute one and the same instrument. 40.8The remedies under this Agreement shall be cumulative and are not exclusive. Election of one remedy shall not preclude pursuit of otherremedies available under this Agreement or at law or in equity. In arbitration a Party may seek any remedy generally available under thegoverning law. 40.9To the maximum extent permitted by the governing law, this Agreement and the transactions called for herein shall not be governed oraffected by any version of the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act enacted in any jurisdiction. 40.10Notwithstanding the general rules of construction, both Bank of America and Supplier acknowledge that both Parties were given an equalopportunity to negotiate the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, and agree that the identity of the drafter of this Agreementis not relevant to any interpretation of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 40.11All notices or other communications required under this Agreement shall be given to the Parties in writing to the applicable addresses setforth on the signature page, or to such other addresses as the Parties may substitute by written notice given in the manner prescribed in thisSection as follows: (a) by first class, registered or certified United States mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid, (b) over-nightexpress courier or (c) by hand delivery to such addresses, Such notices shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) five (5) Business Daysafter the date of mailing as described above, (ii) one (1) Business Day after being received by an express courier during business hours, or(iii) the same day if by hand delivery. 40.12Wherever this Agreement requires either Party’s approval or consent such approval or consent shall not be unreasonably withheld ordelayed. 40.13Unless the Parties otherwise agree in writing, all services to be provided hereunder shall be processed and/or provided, whether in part or inwhole, by Supplier, its employees, Representatives and/or Subcontractors on and from a location or locations in one (1) or more of the fifty(50) states of the United States of America only, all subject to applicable laws and regulations. 40.14This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the Parties and their respective permitted successors and assigns. Exceptas expressly set forth in this Agreement and with the exception of the Affiliates of Bank of America, the Parties do not intend the benefits ofthis Agreement to inure to any third party, and nothing contained herein shall be construed as creating any right, claim or cause of action infavor of any such other third party, against either of the Parties hereto. 40.15Neither Party shall issue any media releases, public announcements and public disclosures, relating to this Agreement or use the name orlogo of the other Party, including, without limitation, in promotional or marketing material or on a list of customers, provided that nothing inthis paragraph shall restrict any disclosure required by legal, accounting or regulatory requirements beyond the reasonable control of thereleasing Party. Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/201841.0ENTIRE AGREEMENT 41.1This Agreement, the Schedules, and other documents Incorporated herein by reference, is the final, full and exclusive expression of theagreement of the Parties and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, writings, proposals, representations and communications,oral or written, of either Party with respect to the subject matter hereof and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Parties agree toaccept a digital image of this Agreement, as executed, as a true and correct original and admissible as best evidence to the extent permittedby a court with proper jurisdiction. Proprietary to Bank of America vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018Software License, Customization and Maintenance AgreementSCHEDULE CBank of America Change Order Request Form Bank of America Changenumber:Project Software and HardwareChange Order Request and Authorization Requested by: (please print) Date of request:Name: Date required:Dept. : Priority:Phone : Low Medium HighDescription of change: - - See Attachment Response: Bank of America or Supplier Enhancement See Attachment Estimated effort (to be filled in by Systems Analyst) Estimate for CO Request Only Function Hoursrequired EstimatedCost Targetdate Comments Analysis/Design Programming Testing Implementation Estimated by: Date: Approved by: Bank of America Project Manager Date Supplier Project Manager Date Proprietary to Bank of America C-1 vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018Change Control ProceduresThe procedure steps In Table 1 shall be employed to achieve the desired objectives for this Change Order.Table 1 Change Control Procedure Steps Step Individual Sub-step Action1) Originator a) Fills out Change Order Request Authorization Form b) Submits form to Bank of America Project Administrator2) Bank of America ProjectAdministrator a) Assign unique Change number to form log. b) Logs from into CO log. c) Make one copy of form and attachments. d) File copy in “In Process-Review” CO file. e) Deliver form (with attachments, if any) to Supplier Project Manager3) Supplier Project Manager a) Reviews form b) Arranges for Analyst to review form4) Analyst a) Reviews form and analyzes changes required.If time to evaluate CO is more than four hours, returns form to Supplier Project Manager withestimate of number of hours required (including expected additional participants and theirrespective hours) to evaluate the CO Request. Check “Estimate for CO Request Only” box on form.(Supplier Project Manager will get prior approval for Bank of America funding cost of CORequest evaluation, before Systems Analyst begins actual review.) b) Fills out “Responses” section of form including “Estimated effort” c) Returns form to Supplier Project Manager.5) Supplier Project Manager a) Review form for completeness of response, evaluates available resources. b) Signs dates form at bottom signifying approval. c) Returns form to Project Administrator. Proprietary to Bank of America C-2 vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/20186) Bank of America ProjectAdministrator a) Makes two copies of CO form b)c)d)e) Files one copy in CO “Returned” file.Removes and destroys “In Process” copy.Returns a copy to Supplier Project Manager.Returns originals CO form to Originator.7) Bank of America ProjectManager a) Evaluates CO Response. b) Negotiates with Supplier any differences regarding licensing status of deliverables. c) Signs dates form at bottom signifying approval. If declined, writes “Cancelled” in “Bank of AmericaProject Manager” signature area of form. d) Makes appropriate copies for Bank of America use (to TAM, etc.) e) Returns original signed copy to Project Administrator.8) Project Administrator a) If CO approved, makes two copies: one to Supplier Project Manager, one for person to be assigned.Delivers both to Supplier Project Manager. Updates log. b) If CO cancelled, original from is filed in CO “Cancelled” file, updates log, removes copy from “Returned toBank of America” file.9) Supplier Project Manager a)b) Reviews form, arranges for Supplier to assign Systems AnalystUpdates project plan (may be done by Implementation Manager)10) Supplier’s Analyst When CO completed, form is returned to Supplier Project Manager11) Supplier Project Manager a) Reviews the results of the CO (deliverables, activities ...) and concurs that CO was completed. Signs form. b) Returns form to Project Administrator.12) Project Administrator a)b)c)d)e) Makes two copies of completed form.Sends one copy to Supplier Accounting.Files one copy in “CO Completed” file.Sends original back to Bank of America Project Manager.Updates log.13) Bank of America ProjectManager a) b) Reviews form and results. Files in Bank of America’s “CO Completed” file. Proprietary to Bank of America C-3 vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018SCHEDULE DMaintenance ServicesMAINTENANCE SERVICES A.During the Warranty Period, Supplier shall provide Bank of America Maintenance Services at no additional charge, provided that if aCustomization is not Operative at the end of the applicable Warranty Period, Maintenance Services shall continue to be provided withoutadditional charge until the Customization is Operative. B.Supplier shall provide the Maintenance Services described in this for Software, Updates and Upgrades provided to Bank of Americapursuant to this Agreement. C.As part of Maintenance Services, Supplier shall provide the following: (1)help desk support available twenty-four (24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week via toll-free telephone number with help desktechnicians sufficiently trained and experienced to identify or resolve most support issues and who shall respond to all Bank ofAmerica requests for support within fifteen (15) minutes after receiving a request for assistance; (2)a current list of persons and telephone numbers. including pager numbers, (the “Calling List”) for Bank of America to contact toenable Bank of America to escalate its support requests for issues that cannot be resolved by a help desk technician or forcircumstances where a help desk technician does not respond within the time specified. D.Supplier shall deliver to Bank of America and keep current a list of persons and telephone numbers (“Calling List”) for Bank of America tocontact in order to obtain answers to questions about the Equipment or to obtain Corrections. The Calling List shall include (1) the firstperson to contact if a question arises or problem occurs and (2) the persons in successively more responsible or qualified positions toprovide the answer or assistance desired. If Supplier does not respond promptly to any request by Bank of America for telephoneconsultative service, then Bank of America may attempt to contact the next more responsible or qualified person on the Calling List untilcontact is made and a designated person responds to the call.ERROR CORRECTION A.Supplier shall make reasonable efforts to respond within two (2) hours to Bank of America’s initial request for assistance in correcting orcreating a workaround for an Error. Supplier’s response shall include assigning fully-qualified technicians to work with Bank of America todiagnose and correct or create a workaround for the Error and notifying the Bank of America Representative making the initial request forassistance of Supplier’s efforts, plans for resolution of the Error, and estimated time required to resolve the Error. Supplier shall correctErrors caused by the Object Code by modifying Source Code and distributing the modified Software to Bank of America on the schedulecalled for in this Section. B.For Class 1 Errors, Supplier shall provide a Correction or workaround reasonable in Bank of America’s judgment within the Repair Periodafter Bank of America reports the Error, or within four (4) hours after Bank of America first reports the Error if no other Repair Period isspecified. These steps shall include assigning fully-qualified technicians to work with Bank of America without interruption or additionalcharge, twenty-four (24) hours per day, until Supplier provides a Correction or workaround reasonable in Bank of America’s judgment. C.For Class 2 Errors, Supplier shall take reasonable steps to provide a Correction or a workaround reasonable in Bank of America’s judgmentby the opening of business on the second Business Day after Bank of America reports the Error. These steps shall include assigning fully-qualified Proprietary to Bank of America D-4 vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018 technicians to work with Bank of America during Bank of America’s regular business hours until Supplier provides a workaround reasonablein Bank of America’s judgment or a Correction or Bank of America determines after consultation with Supplier that such a workaround orCorrection cannot be produced by Supplier’s technicians. Supplier shall provide a Correction within thirty (30) calendar days after Bank ofAmerica’s report of the Error. D.For Class 3 Errors, Supplier shall correct the Errors by all reasonable means. Supplier shall correct the Errors and distribute the modifiedSoftware to Bank of America no later than the next Update, unless Supplier has scheduled release of such Update less than thirty (30)calendar days after Bank of America’s notice, in which case Supplier shall correct the Error no later than the following Update. E.Without limiting Supplier’s obligations under this Section, if Supplier does not deliver a Correction for an Error within the times allowed bythis Section (whether Supplier has delivered a reasonable workaround or not), Supplier shall provide a written analysis of the problem and awritten plan to supply Bank of America with a Correction.PRODUCTION ERRORSNotwithstanding the previous Section, “Error Correction,” if an Error prevents Bank of America from making productive use of theSoftware, Supplier shall use its best efforts to provide an effective workaround or a Correction by the time Bank of America opens forbusiness on the Business Day after the Business Day on which Bank of America first reports the Error.REMEDIES A.Without limitation of Supplier’s obligations above, Bank of America may fall back, at its option, to any previous version or release of theSoftware in which a Class 1 or Class 2 Error does not occur or can be worked around, and Supplier shall provide Maintenance Services at nocharge, with respect to that version until Supplier provides a Correction.DIAGNOSTIC INFORMATIONBank of America shall submit to Supplier a listing of output and such other data as Supplier reasonably may request in order to reproduceoperating conditions similar to those present when Bank of America detected the Error.BANK OF AMERICA MODIFIED SOFTWAREIf Bank of America modifies the Software under the terms hereof, any additional maintenance costs or expenses to Supplier which resultdirectly from such modification may be billed to Bank of America at the Time and Materials Rates.UPDATESSupplier shall provide all Updates to Bank of America at no additional charge when Updates are made generally available to Supplier’sother customers.Supplier will complete two (2) dedicated releases/year for Bank of America during the initial Term. The parties will work together every 6months during the Term to define and agree upon the timelines and features for the next dedicated release. During the Term, six (6) weeksprior to each release. Cardlytics will provide Bank of America with code release notes or other technical documentation (describingfeatures and functionality). Proprietary to Bank of America D-5 vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018Supplier’s TMS provides marketing services across multiple financial Institutions in addition to Bank of America. For the TMS service tofunction properly, the OPS system must be upgraded periodically. The supplier will provide no more than two major code releases of OPSduring a calendar year without Bank of America’s consent. Bank of America may implement these releases when appropriate andconvenient for Bank of America. However, The TMS will support the current and previous release of OPS. If Bank of America does notupgrade to the current or previous release of OPS, some or all of TMS functionality may be impacted. Proprietary to Bank of America D-6 vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018SCHEDULE EInformation SecurityINFORMATION SECURITY PROGRAMBank of America shall have the opportunity to evaluate the Supplier’s Information Security Program and Supplier Security Controls to ensureSupplier’s Compliance with the Section entitled “Confidentiality and Information Protection.” The Supplier’s Information Security Program (the“Program”) shall address the Bank Security Requirements described below. This Program shall, at a minimum, prescribe the architecture ofSupplier’s system, Confidential Information placement within the system, the security controls in place (e.g. firewalls, web page security, intrusiondetection, incident response process, etc.) and contain the information called for in the Subsection entitled “Security Program Features” below. TheProgram shall also describe physical security measures in place to protect Confidential Information received or processed by Supplier, includingthose that will protect Confidential Information that has been printed or otherwise displayed in forms perceptible with or without the aid ofequipment. Bank of America shall provide Supplier with the Service Provider Security Requirements document outlining such Bank SecurityRequirements and Supplier Security Controls which shall be deemed a part of Bank of America’s Confidential Information under this AgreementSupplier acknowledges that upon request in order to be allowed continued access to Confidential Information, it will make modifications to itsInformation Security Program to add additional measures necessary to retain Information Security standards consistent with the Bank SecurityRequirements.PRIVACY POLICYWith respect to Confidential Information and the services provided to or on behalf of Bank of America, Supplier promptly shall conform its publiclyavailable privacy and security policies, in Bank of America’s reasonable judgment, to those of Bank of America, as they may exist from time to time.PROTECTIONSupplier shall install and use a reasonable change control process to ensure that access to its systems and to Confidential Information is controlledand recorded. Supplier shall notify Bank of America of any planned system configuration changes or other changes affecting the Programapplicable to Confidential Information, setting forth how such change will impact the security and protection of Confidential Information. No suchchange, which could reasonably be expected by Bank of America to have a material adverse impact on the security and protection of ConfidentialInformation, may be implemented without the prior written consent of a Bank of America security representative. Bank of America may approvethese types of changes prior to their becoming effective, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed.Supplier shall permit Bank of America, at the election of Bank of America, to conduct security vulnerability (penetration) testing on those portionsof the Supplier network, and any application servers that Supplier hosts on behalf of Bank of America, on which Confidential Information is storedor processed. Such vulnerability testing shall be conducted in a non-production environment with production equivalent security controls and withprior notice to Supplier. Supplier also agrees to make available to Bank of America the results of any vulnerability testing conducted by Supplier ora qualified third party provider of this service.Supplier shall permit Bank of America to inspect the physical system equipment, operational environment, and Confidential Information handlingprocedures. Supplier’s agreement with any independent contractor to provide services to Bank of America in support of this Agreement shalllikewise permit Bank of America to conduct the same inspections. Proprietary to Bank of America E-1 vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018Subject to the terms of this Agreement and the Schedules attached hereto, Supplier will take commercial best measures to prevent the unintendedor malicious loss, destruction or alteration of Bank of America’s files, Confidential Information, software and other property received and held bySupplier. Supplier shall maintain back-up files (including off-site back-up copies) thereof and of resultant output to facilitate their reconstruction inthe case of such loss, destruction or alteration, in order to ensure uninterrupted services in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, itsSchedules, Bank of America’s written policies and Supplier’s disaster recovery plans.DETECTION AND RESPONSESupplier shall notify Bank of America immediately (within 24 hours or as soon thereafter as practicable) following discovery of any suspectedbreach or compromise of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of nonpublic personal information of any current or former Bank of Americaemployee or customer (‘‘Affected Persons”) or otherwise provided to Supplier by Bank of America under this agreement through the definedsecurity escalation channel of Bank of America, the Bank of America Incident Response Team (“InfoSafe”) by calling (800) 207-2322, option 1.Callers will be asked to identify themselves as Supplier. Such notification to Bank of America shall precede notifications to any other party. Suppliershall cooperate fully with all Bank of America security investigation activities consistent with the lnfoSafe guidelines for escalation and control ofsignificant security incidents.Bank of America reserves the right in its sole discretion to make appropriate privacy breach notifications to Affected Persons and regulatorspursuant to federal or state guidelines, including but not limited to the Interagency Guidance on Response Programs for Unauthorized Access toCustomer Information and Customer Notice. To assist Bank of America in such notifications, Supplier shall include a brief summary of the availablefacts, the status of any investigation, and, if known, the potential number of Affected Persons. Supplier agrees to provide at no charge, to AffectedPersons appropriate credit monitoring services for two years. All costs associated with any security breach, including but not limited to, the costsof the notices to, and credit monitoring for, Affected Persons shall be the sole responsibility of Supplier. Supplier agrees that it shall notcommunicate with any third party, including, but not limited to the media, vendors, consumers. and Affected Persons regarding any security breachwithout the express written consent of Bank of America.Supplier shall maintain for a mutually agreed-upon length of time, and afford Bank of America reasonable access to, all records and logs of thatportion of Supplier’s network that stores or processes Confidential Information. Bank of America may review and Inspect any record of systemactivity or Confidential Information handling upon reasonable prior notice. Supplier acknowledges and agrees that records of system activity andof Confidential Information handling may be evidence (subject to appropriate chain of custody procedures) in the event of a Security Breach orother inappropriate activity. Upon the Bank of America, Supplier shall deliver the original copies of such records to Bank of America for use in anylegal, investigatory or regulatory proceeding.Supplier shall monitor industry-standard information channels (bugtraq, CERT, OEMs, etc.) for newly identified system vulnerabilities regarding thetechnologies and services provided to Bank of America and fix or patch any identified security problem in an adequate and timely manner. Unlessotherwise expressly agreed in writing, “timely” shall mean that Supplier shall Introduce such fix or patch as soon as commercially reasonable afterSupplier becomes aware of the security problem. This obligation extends to all devices that comprise Supplier’s system, e.g., application software,databases, servers, firewalls, routers and switches, hubs, etc., and to all of Supplier’s other Confidential Information handling practices.Bank of America may perform vulnerability testing of Supplier’s system to test the remediation measures implemented after a security incident orevent to protect Confidential Information.SECURITY PROGRAM FEATURESAt the request of Bank of America, Supplier shall meet with the Bank of America information security team to discuss information security issues Inmuch greater detail at mutually agreeable times and locations. Proprietary to Bank of America E-2 vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018Bank of America acknowledges and agrees that the information Supplier so provides is Supplier’s Confidential Information, as defined In thisAgreement, and is valuable proprietary information of Supplier. Supplier shall provide detailed information including, but not limited to, thefollowing topics, which also shall be addressed in Supplier’s Program. 1.Diagrams. The diagrams shall show the detail of the system architecture including, without limitation, the logical topology of routers,switches, internet firewalls, management or monitoring firewalls, servers (web, application and database), intrusion detectionsystems, network and platform redundancy. The diagrams shall include all hosting environments including those provided bySupplier’s Subcontractors. 2.Firewalls. Slate the specifications of the firewalls in use and who manages them. Specify the services, tools and connectivity requiredto manage the firewalls. 3.Intrusion Detection Systems. Describe the intrusion detection system (“lDS”) environment and the Security Breach and eventescalation process. Indicate who manages the IDS environment. Specify the services, tools and connectivity required to manage theIDS environment, and if the IDS network is host based. 4.Change Management. Describe the change management process for automated systems used to provide services. Describe theprocess for information handling policies and practices. 5.Business Continuity. Describe the business and technical disaster recovery management process. 6.System Administration Access Control. Describe the positions that perform administration functions on servers, firewalls or otherdevices within the application and network infrastructure. Detail level of access needed to perform functions. Explain the accesscontrol mechanisms. Describe the process by which recurring access of the system(s) is conducted to ensure permissions aregranted on a “need to know” basis. Detail access reports generated and when reports are reviewed periodically. Describe methodsused to track/log the usage of each account. 7.Customer Access Control. Describe each logon process to be followed by Bank of America Customers (including Bank of Americaemployees) to obtain access to services Supplier provides to Bank of America. Describe the initial enrollment process for suchCustomers. Describe the password policies and procedures Supplier’s system enforces, including, without limitation, passwordexpiration, length of password, password revocation, invalid logon attempt threshold, etc. Describe methods used to track/log theusage of each account Supplier shall demonstrate how a customer or end user authenticates to each application. 8.Access to Confidential Information in Human-Perceptible Forms. Describe policies, procedures and controls used to protectConfidential Information when it is printed or in other perceptible forms; how and how often these policies and procedures arereviewed and tested; and what methods are used to ensure destruction of Confidential Information on hard copy. 9.Operating System Baselines. Describe Supplier’s operating system security controls and configurations. Examples: Operating systemservices that have been removed because not required by Supplier’s services to Bank of America. Identify and provide currentoperating system fixes that have not been applied, if any. Proprietary to Bank of America E-3 vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018 10.Encryption. Describe in detail the technology and usage of encryption for protecting Confidential Information, including passwordsand authentication information, during transit and in all forms and locations where it may be stored. 11.Application and Network Management. Specify the services, tools and connectivity required to manage the application and networkenvironments: who carries out the management functions; and what level of physical security applies to managed devices. 12.Physical Security. For each location where Confidential Information will be processed or stored or services for Bank of Americaproduced by Supplier, describe in detail the arrangements in place for physical security. 13.Privacy: Describe Supplier’s privacy and security policies; indicate if they are in writing; and whether they are compatible with Bankof America’s policies. 14.Location of Servers. Are web servers on a separate segment of the network from the application and database servers? If not, explainthe reason this has not been done. At Bank of America’s request, Supplier shall make reasonable efforts to create this separation. 15.Portable Media and Devices. Bank of America’s Confidential Information shall not be stored on any portable media or devices toinclude notebook/laptop computers, USB storage devices, approved by Bank of America and security precautions such asencryption of data and remote network connectivity will be addressed in the Supplier’s Information Security Program. Proprietary to Bank of America E-4 vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018INFORMATION DESTRUCTION REQUIREMENTSOverall RequirementsAt Bank of America’s direction, Supplier shall destroy all Confidential Information at all locations where it is stored after it is no longer needed forperformance under this Agreement or to satisfy regulatory requirements. Supplier must have in place or develop information destruction schedulesand processes that meet Bank of America standards and that must be used in all cases when Confidential Information is no Longer needed. Theseinformation destruction requirements are to be applied to paper, microfiche, disks, disk drives, tape and other destroyable electronic or digital mediacontaining Confidential Information.Paper and Other Shreddable MediaPaper and other shreddable media includes paper, microfiche, microfilm, compact disks (CDs) and any other media that can be shredded. This mediamust be shredded using shredding techniques or machines such that Confidential Information in this media is completely destroyed as set forthherein when Supplier is finished with the Confidential Information contained thereon and it is no longer needed. This media may be shreddedimmediately or temporarily stored In a highly secured, locked container. The media may be shredded at a location other than Supplier’s facilities;however it must be transferred in a highly secured. locked container. Supplier is responsible for supervising the shredding regardless of where theshredding activity occurs and by whom the shredding is performed. Confidential Information In this media must be completely destroyed byshredding such that the results are not readable or useable for any purpose.Electronic MediaElectronic media includes, but Is not limited to, disk drives, diskettes. tapes, universal serial bus (USB) and other media that is used for electronicrecording and storage. This media is to be wiped or degaussed using a Bank of America approved wipe or degaussing tool. Wiping uses a programthat repeatedly writes data to the media and thereby destroys the original content. Degaussing produces an electronic field that electronicallyeliminates the original data and clears the media. These techniques must meet Bank of America standards and baselines. The resulting media mustbe free from any machine or computer content readable for any purpose.CertificationThese processes must be documented as a procedure by Supplier and should outline the techniques and methods to be used. The procedure mustalso indicate when and where Confidential Information is to be destroyed. Supplier shall keep records of all Confidential Information destructioncompleted and provide such records to Bank of America upon demand. Proprietary to Bank of America E-5 vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018SCHEDULE FBackground ChecksBACKGROUND SCREENING GUIDELINESIn accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, prior to any person being assigned and beginning work for Bank ofAmerica under this Agreement, the following background screening guidelines must be administered and successfully passed by that person(“Contract Person”): 1.Search of the Contract Person’s social security number to verify the accuracy of the individual’s identity and current and previousaddressesaddresses. 2.A criminal background search of all court records in each venue of the Contract Person’s current and previous addresses over thepast ten (10) years. 3.A minimum of at least two (2) confirmed work references prior to assignment at Bank of America. 4.Verification of any post high school education or degrees, i.e. B.A.. B.S., Associate, or professional certifications. 5.Validate authorization to work in the United States in compliance with I-9 requirements.6. Where required by state and/or federal law.enroll in and participate in a federal work authorization program and process employee information according to all applicableE-Verify rules and procedures.Supplier shall keep copies of background screening documentation and provide certification of their completion to Bank of America whenrequested. Proprietary to Bank of America F-1 vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018SCHEDULE GRecovery 1.Supplier shall establish, maintain and implement per the terms thereof, a Business Continuity Plan. The Business Continuity Plan must be inplace within forty-five (45) calendar days after the assumption of Service and shall include, but not be limited to, recovery strategy, loss ofcritical personnel, documented recovery plans covering all areas of operations necessary to delivering Supplier’s services pursuant to thisAgreement, vital records protection and testing plans. The plans shall provide, without limitation, for off-site backup of critical data files,Confidential Information, software, documentation, forms and supplies as well as alternative means of transmitting and processingConfidential Information. 2.The recovery strategy shall provide for recovery after both short and long term disruptions in facilities, environmental support, workforceavailability, and data processing equipment. Although short term outages can be protected with redundant resources and network diversity,the long term strategy must allow for total destruction of Supplier’s business operations for a period of six (6) months or longer and set fortha recovery strategy. 3.Supplier’s recovery objectives shall not exceed the following during any recovery period: A.Time to Full Restoration from time of disruption event: 4 hours B.Maximum Data Loss (stated in hours) from time of disruption event: 24 hours C.Percentage Reduction of Service levels: 50% during the 24 hour recovery period In the event of a change, Bank of America agrees to work with Supplier to determine a mutually agreeable date for Supplier to match the newobjectives if necessary. 4.Supplier shall continue to provide service to Bank of America if Bank of America activates its contingency plan or moves to an interim siteto conduct its business, including during tests of Bank of America’s contingency operations plans. 5.Supplier shall furnish contingency recovery plans, contingency exercise and testing schedules annually or upon request. Supplier shallprovide to Bank of America, annually, or upon request, copies of all contingency exercise final reports and shall Include, but not be limitedto, disaster scenario description, exercise scope and objectives, detailed tasks, exercise issues list and remediation, and exercise results. Ifrequested, Supplier shall allow Bank of America, at its own expense, to observe a contingency test. 6.If Supplier provides electronic interchange of data with Bank of America, Supplier shall participate, if requested, in the recovery exercise ofBank of America to validate recovery capability. 7.Supplier must provide evidence of capability to meet any applicable regulatory requirements concerning business continuity. 8.Supplier shall be required to participate, if requested by Bank of America, in recovery testing of a mutually agreed upon scope andfrequency. Proprietary to Bank of America G-1 vTIP2010Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1, 1/12/2018