Exhibit h(2) SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT, dated as of February 4, 2005, by and betweenDomini Advisor Trust, a Massachusetts business trust (the "Trust"), and DominiSocial Investments LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company ("Domini" orthe "Sponsor"). W I T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, the Trust is engaged in business as an open-end investmentcompany registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, andconsists of one or more series; and WHEREAS, the Trust desires to enter into this Agreement with respect toits current and future series; and WHEREAS, the Trust wishes to engage Domini to provide certainoversight, administrative and management services, and Domini is willing toprovide such oversight, administrative and management services to the Trust onthe terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreementsof the parties hereto as herein set forth, the parties covenant and agree asfollows: 1. Duties of the Sponsor. Subject to the direction and control of theBoard of Trustees of the Trust, the Sponsor shall perform such oversight,administrative and management services as may from time to time be reasonablyrequested by the Trust, which shall include without limitation: (a) maintainingoffice facilities (which may be in the office of Domini or an affiliate) andfurnishing clerical services necessary for maintaining the organization of theTrust and for performing the oversight, administrative and management functionsherein set forth; (b) arranging, if desired by the Trust, for directors,officers or employees of the Sponsor to serve as Trustees, officers or agents ofthe Trust if duly elected or appointed to such positions and subject to theirindividual consent and to any limitations imposed by law; (c) supervising theoverall administration of the Trust, including the updating of corporateorganizational documents, and the negotiation of contracts and fees with and themonitoring and coordinating of performance and billings of the Trusts transferagent, shareholder servicing agents (if any), custodian, administrator,subadministrator (if any) and other independent contractors or agents; (d)overseeing (with advice of the Trusts counsel) the preparation of and, ifapplicable, filing all documents required for compliance by the Trust withapplicable laws and regulations (including state "blue sky" laws andregulations), including registration statements on Form N-1A, prospectuses andstatements of additional information, or similar forms, as applicable,semi-annual and annual reports to shareholders and proxy statements, andreviewing tax returns; (e) preparation of agendas and supporting documents forand minutes of meetings of Trustees, committees of Trustees and preparation ofnotices, proxy statements and minutes of meetings of shareholders; (f) arrangingfor maintenance of books and records of the Trust; (g) maintaining telephonecoverage to respond to shareholder inquiries regarding matters to which thisAgreement pertains to which the transfer agent is unable to respond; (h)providing reports and assistance regarding each series compliance with securities and taxlaws and each series investment objectives; (i) arranging for dissemination ofyield and other performance information to newspapers and tracking services; (j)arranging for and preparing annual renewals for fidelity bond and errors andomissions insurance coverage; (k) developing a budget for the Trust,establishing the rate of expense accruals and arranging for the payment of allfixed and management expenses; and (l) answering questions from the generalpublic, the media and investors in the Trust regarding (i) the securitiesholdings of the Trust; (ii) any limits in which the Trust invests; (iii) thesocial investment philosophy of the Trust; and (iv) the proxy voting philosophyand shareholder activism philosophy of the Trust. Notwithstanding the foregoing,the Sponsor shall not be deemed to have assumed, pursuant to this Agreement, anyduties with respect to, and shall not be responsible for, the management of theTrusts assets or the rendering of investment advice and supervision withrespect thereto or the distribution of shares of any series, nor shall theSponsor be deemed to have assumed or have any responsibility with respect tofunctions specifically assumed by any transfer agent, custodian, fund accountingpricing agent or shareholder servicing agent of the Trust. 2. Allocation of Charges and Expenses. Domini shall pay the entiresalaries and wages of all of the Trusts Trustees, officers and agents whodevote part or all of their time to the affairs of Domini or its affiliates, andthe wages and salaries of such persons shall not be deemed to be expensesincurred by the Trust for purposes of this Section 2. The Trust shall pay all ofits operating expenses, including but not limited to fees due the Sponsor underthis Agreement, compensation of Trustees not affiliated with the Sponsor,governmental fees, including but not limited to Securities and ExchangeCommission fees and state "blue sky" fees; interest charges; taxes and relatedcharges; membership dues of the Trust in the Investment Company Institute andother professional or industry associations; fees and expenses of the Trustsindependent auditors and accountants, of legal counsel and any transfer agent,distributor, shareholder servicing agent, recordkeeper, registrar or dividenddisbursing agent of the Trust; expenses of distributing, issuing and redeemingshares and servicing shareholder accounts; expenses of preparing, printing andmailing prospectuses and statements of additional information, reports, notices,proxy statements and reports to shareholders and governmental officers andcommissions; expenses connected with the execution, recording and settlement ofportfolio security transactions; insurance premiums; fees and expenses of theTrusts custodian for all services to the Trust, including safekeeping of fundsand securities and maintaining required books and accounts; expenses ofcalculating the net asset value of shares of the Trust; expenses of shareholdermeetings; and expenses relating to the issuance, registration and qualificationof shares of any series of the Trust. 3. Compensation of the Sponsor. For the services to be rendered andfacilities to be provided by the Sponsor hereunder, the Trust shall pay Domini afee accrued daily and payable monthly at an annual rate equal to 0.50% of theTrusts average daily net assets for the Trusts then current fiscal year. IfDomini serves as the Sponsor for less than the whole of any period specified inthis Section 3, the compensation to Domini, as Sponsor, shall be prorated. Forpurposes of computing the fees payable to the Sponsor hereunder, the value ofthe Trusts net assets shall be computed in the manner specified in the Truststhen-current prospectus and statement of additional information. 2 4. Limitation of Liability of the Sponsor. The Sponsor shall not beliable for any error of judgment or mistake of law or for any act or omission inthe oversight, administration or management of the Trust or the performance ofits duties hereunder, except for willful misfeasance, bad faith or grossnegligence in the performance of its duties, or by reason of the recklessdisregard of its obligations and duties hereunder. As used in this Section 4,the term "Sponsor" shall include Domini and/or any of its affiliates and thedirectors, officers and employees of Domini and/or any of its affiliates. 5. Activities of the Sponsor. The services of the Sponsor to the Trustare not to be deemed to be exclusive, Domini being free to render oversight,administrative and/or other services to other parties. It is understood thatTrustees, officers and shareholders of the Trust are or may become interested inthe Sponsor and/or any of its affiliates as directors, officers, employees orotherwise and that directors, officers and employees of the Sponsor and/or anyof its affiliates are or may become similarly interested in the Trust and thatthe Sponsor and/or any of its affiliates may be or become interested in theTrust as a shareholder or otherwise. 6. Duration, Termination and Amendments of this Agreement. ThisAgreement shall become effective as of the day and year first above written andshall govern the relations between the parties hereto thereafter, unlessterminated as set forth in this Section 6. This Agreement may not be altered or amended, except by an instrumentin writing and executed by both parties. This Agreement may be terminated at anytime, without the payment of any penalty, with respect to any series or theTrust, by the Board of Trustees of the Trust, or by the Sponsor, in each case onnot less than 60 days written notice to the other party. 7. Subcontracting by Domini. Domini may subcontract for the performanceof some or all of Dominis obligations hereunder with any one or more persons;provided, however, that Domini shall not enter into any such subcontract unlessthe Trustees of the Trust shall have found the subcontracting party to bequalified to perform the obligations sought to be subcontracted; and provided,further, that, unless the Trust otherwise expressly agrees in writing, Dominishall be as fully responsible to the Trust for the acts and omissions of anysubcontractor as it would be for its own acts or omissions. 8. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall become orshall be found to be invalid by a court decision, statute, rule or otherwise,the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby. 9. Notice. Any notices under this Agreement shall be in writingaddressed and delivered personally, by telecopy or mailed postage-paid to theother party at such address as such other party may designate in accordance withthis Section 9 for the receipt of such notice. Until further notice to the otherparty, it is agreed that the address of the Trust shall be 536 Broadway, 7thFloor, New York, New York 10012, and the address of Domini shall be 536Broadway, 7th Floor, New York, New York 10012. 3 10. Miscellaneous. Each party agrees to perform such further actionsand execute such further documents as are necessary to effectuate the purposeshereof. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced and interpreted inaccordance with and governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusettswithout reference to principles of conflicts of law. The captions in thisAgreement are included for convenience only and in no way define or delimit anyof the provisions hereof or otherwise affect their construction or effect. ThisAgreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall bedeemed to be an original, but such counterparts shall, together, constitute onlyone instrument. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to beexecuted and delivered in their names and on their behalf by the undersigned,thereunto duly authorized, all as of the day and year first above written. Theundersigned Trustee of the Trust has executed this Agreement not individuallybut as a Trustee under the Trusts Declaration of Trust, dated October 6, 2004,as amended, and the obligations of this Agreement are not binding upon any ofthe Trustees or shareholders of the Trust individually but bind only the Trustestate. DOMINI ADVISOR TRUST By: /s/ Amy L. Domini --------------------------------- Amy L. Domini Trustee DOMINI SOCIAL INVESTMENTS LLC By: /s/ Amy L. Domini --------------------------------- Amy L. Domini Chief Executive Officer 4