EXHIBIT 10.28 SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT This Sponsorship Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into as of the11th day of March, 1999 by and between drkoop.com, inc., a Delaware corporation,located at 8920 Business Park Drive, Longhorn Suite, Austin, Texas 78759("drkoop.com"), and Vitamin Shoppe Industries, Inc., a New Jersey corporation,located at 4700 Westside Avenue, North Bergen, New Jersey 07047 ("Sponsor"). WHEREAS, drkoop.com develops, markets and maintains an integrated suiteof Internet enabled, consumer oriented software applications and services,including but not limited to, drkoop.com. electronic data interchange services,and advertising and promotional services on the Internet at the websitehttp://www.drkoop.com (together with any successor or replacement websites, the"drkoop.com Website"); WHEREAS, Sponsor markets and sells vitamins and nutritional supplementson the Internet at the website http://www.vitaminshoppe.com (together with anysuccessor or replacement websites, the "Sponsor Website"; and together with thedrkoop.com Website, the "Sites"); and WHEREAS, Sponsor desires to have certain rights with respect tovitamins and nutritional supplements on the drkoop.com Website and to be the vitamin and nutritional supplement tenant in the E-Commerce area of thedrkoop.com Website and drkoop.com desires to promote Sponsor for vitamin andnutritional supplements and to make Sponsor its vitamin and nutritionalsupplement tenant pursuant to the terms and conditions contained in thisAgreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promisescontained herein and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt andadequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:____________________Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this exhibit. The copyfiled herewith omits the information subject to the confidentiality request.Omissions are designated as . A complete version of this exhibit has beenfiled separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. ARTICLE I. VITAMIN SPONSOR 1.1. VITAMIN SPONSOR. Throughout the Term (as defined below),Sponsor shall be the vitamin and supplement sponsor of, and the vitamin and supplement advertiser on, the drkoop.com Website 1.2. SPONSOR PLACEMENTS. During the Term, in no way limiting theforegoing in Section 1.1, Sponsor will receive the following sponsorship andpromotional placements on the drkoop.com Website: (i) Sponsor shall be the sponsor of the Nutrition Centeron the drkoop.com Website and each area (other than the "Daily Special" area,the "Healthy Recipes" area and any other area which may be created in the futurewhich specifically relates to cooking or food recipes (collectively, the"Excluded Areas")) within the Nutrition Center, including, the "Vitamins Supplements" area, the "Vitamins and Minerals" area, the "Nutrition News" area,the "Nutrition for Healthy Living" area and the "Nutrition for your Condition"area (collectively, the "Sponsor Areas"). (ii) (iii) From time to time, drkoop.com shall create content whichfeatures vitamins and nutritional supplements. Sponsors Advertising Contentshall be displayed on such pages which host vitamins and nutritional supplementcontent to the same extent and subject to the same restrictions as such SponsorAdvertising Content is displayed in the Sponsor Areas. (iv) Drkoop.coms obligations with respect to each areaof the drkoop.com Website set forth in this Section 1.2 shall also apply to allareas which are successors or replacements to such areas and to all new vitaminand nutrition areas on the drkoop.com Website launched on the drkoop.com Websiteafter the date of this Agreement. Sponsor may promote the sale of vitaminsand supplements in the Sponsor Areas. 1.3. IMPRESSIONS. Not including any permanent Sponsor links, bannersor buttons pursuant to Section 1.2, drkoop.com shall, during the Initial Term(as defined below) provide advertising banner and e-commerce tileimpressions consisting of Sponsor Advertising Content shall be deliveredduring each month of the Initial Term. If by the end of the Initial Termdrkoop.com has not delivered the foregoing number of impressions, then, asSponsors sole remedy for such breach, the Term of this Agreement shall beextended until drkoop.com has satisfied its obligations under this Section.____________________ Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 2 1.4. DR. KOOP HEALTH LINKS. In addition to the fees specified inSection 2.5.1, Sponsor shall pay to drkoop.com and in exchange thereforeshall have the right to use as many Dr. Koop Health Links as Sponsor, in itssole discretion, wishes to use, all in accordance with the terms of thedrkoop.com Healthlinks Agreement, the form of which is attached hereto asExhibit B.- --------- 1.5. 1.6. MODIFICATIONS.. Each party reserves the right to modify thedesign, organization, structure, look and feel, navigation and other elements ofits Site, provided, that drkoop.com may not, without the prior written consentof Sponsor, substantially alter, change or modify the look, feel orfunctionality of the Sponsor Areas of the drkoop.com Website . ARTICLE II. SPONSORSHIP POLICY 2.1. CONTENT. For each of the placements described in Section 1,including all banner advertisements and e-commerce tiles, Sponsor shall providedrkoop.com with all content including all trademarks, logos or banners (the"Sponsor Advertising Content"), in accordance with the specifications set forthon Exhibit C attached hereto, which will be displayed on the drkoop.com Websiteand which will link, in Sponsors discretion, to either the Sponsor Site orVitamin Buzz. The parties hereto agree to cooperate and work together in theestablishment of all links, buttons and banners placed pursuant to thisAgreement. Links from one partys Site to the other partys Site shall in no wayalter the look, feel or functionality of the linked Site. 2.2. CHANGES AND CANCELLATIONS. Any cancellations or change ordersmust be made in writing and acknowledged by drkoop.com. Sponsor shall not berequired to change Sponsor Advertising Content more often than once per month.Sponsor shall provide drkoop.com with Sponsor Advertising Content artwork atleast five business days in advance of the publication date. 2.3. STATISTICS. Drkoop.com shall provide Sponsor with Sponsor usagereports on a monthly basis. Sponsor shall have the right to use such data forits internal business purposes, but may not provide such data for use by thirdparties. Such reports shall contain substantially the same types of informationdelivered to other of drkoop.coms similarly situated partners, which reportswill include information regarding impressions, clickthroughs and anyinformation known about the users of such areas in aggregate form. 2.4. PUBLICATION ERROR. In the event of a publication error in theSponsor Advertising Content arising exclusively from the fault of drkoop.com,Sponsor shall notify drkoop.com of such error and drkoop.com will use reasonableefforts to promptly correct the error._____________________________ Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 3 2.5. PAYMENT. 2.5.1. FEES. The fee for the placements and other rightsprovided under this Agreement for the Initial Term (as defined below) is is payable within of the date of this Agreement, with the balance of suchfee payable by Sponsor in consecutive equal installments of payableby the of the Initial Term commencing following the LaunchDate (as defined below). 2.5.2. TAXES. Sponsor shall be responsible for the collectionof any and all value added, consumption, sales, use or similar taxes and feespayable with respect to all sales made on the Sponsor Website. ARTICLE III. OWNERSHIP OF DATA 3.1. USER DATA. Drkoop.com requests its users ("Individual Users"), toprovide personal information when they sign up for certain services includingrequesting information on a specific disease, chat rooms and forums ("UserData"). Such User Data is owned by each Individual User and drkoop.com does notuse or disclose any such User Data without the consent of the Individual User. 3.2. DATA RELEASE TO SPONSOR. Drkoop.com shall provide to Sponsor anyand all User Data for which the Individual User has specifically authorizedrelease to Sponsor. In the event that an Individual User grants rights toSponsor for use of his User Data, Sponsor shall use its best efforts to keepUser Data confidential and shall only use such data in an ethical manner.Sponsor may use User Data for its owns purposes, but User Data may not bedisclosed, sold, assigned, leased or otherwise disposed of to third parties bySponsor. 3.3. DATA CONFIDENTIALITY. The User Data shall be drkoop.comConfidential Information under Article 5 and shall in addition be subject to theterms of this Article 3. Sponsor shall be liable for the conduct of itsemployees, agents and representatives who in any way breach this Amendment.Sponsors obligations to treat the User Data as Confidential Information underArticle 5 and this Article 3 shall continue in perpetuity following terminationof this Amendment. 3.4. SPONSOR USER DATA. All users on the Sponsor Website, including,users linked to the Sponsor Website from the drkoop.com Website, will be deemedto be customers of Sponsor. Accordingly, all rules, policies and operatingprocedures of Sponsor concerning customer orders, customer service and saleswill apply to those customers. Sponsor may change its policies and operatingprocedures at any time. Sponsor will determine the prices to be charged forproducts and other merchandise sold on the Sponsor Website in accordance withits own pricing policies. ____________________ Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 4 Prices and availability on the Sponsor Website may vary from time to time.Notwithstanding Section 3.3, the parties hereto hereby agree that title to anyuser information of any users on the Sponsor Website, including but not limitedto the name, address and e-mail address of users, obtained by Sponsor from suchusers shall be owned by the Sponsor. The parties hereto agree that pursuant tothis Section 3 they may each collect and own similar information from and withrespect to individuals who visit each of their Sites. ARTICLE IV. LICENSES 4.1. LICENSES. 4.1.1. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Sponsorhereby represents and warrants that it has the power and authority to grant, anddoes hereby grant to drkoop.com a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free,worldwide license to reproduce and display all logos, trademarks, trade namesand similar identifying material relating to Sponsor (the "Sponsor Marks")solely in connection with the promotion, marketing and distribution of theparties and the Sites in accordance with the terms hereof, provided, however,that drkoop.com shall, other than as specifically provided for in thisAgreement, not make any specific use of any Sponsor Mark without firstsubmitting a sample of such use to Sponsor and obtaining its prior consent,which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The foregoing license shallterminate upon the effective date of the expiration or termination of thisAgreement. 4.1.2. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, drkoop.comhereby represents that it has the power and authority to grant, and does herebygrant to Sponsor a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free, worldwidelicense to reproduce and display all logos, trademarks, trade names and similaridentifying material relating to drkoop.com and, solely as allowed pursuant tothis Agreement, to the Dr. C. Everett Koop name (collectively, the "drkoop.comMarks") solely in connection with the promotion, marketing and distribution ofthe parties and the Sites in accordance with the terms hereof, provided,however, that Sponsor shall, other than as specifically provided for in Section4.4 of this Agreement, not make any specific use of any drkoop.com Marks withoutfirst submitting a sample of such use to drkoop.com and obtaining its priorconsent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The foregoing licenseshall terminate upon the effective date of the expiration or termination of thisAgreement. 4.2. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNERSHIP. Each party shall retain allright, title, and interest (including all copyrights, patents, service marks,trademarks and other intellectual property rights) in its Site. Except for thelicense granted pursuant to this Agreement, neither party shall acquire anyinterest in the other partys Site or any other services or materials, or anycopies or portions thereof, provided by such party pursuant to this Agreement. 4.3. REMOVAL OF MATERIALS. Each party reserves the right to reject orremove any content, information, data, logos, trademarks and other materials(collectively, "Materials") provided by the other from its servers at any timeif, in its reasonable opinion, it believes that any such Materials infringe anythird-party intellectual property right, are libelous or invade the privacy orviolate other rights of any person, violate applicable laws or regulations, orjeopardize 5 the health or safety of any person. Each party will use reasonable efforts tocontact the other prior to removing any of its Materials from its servers andwill work with the other to resolve the issue as quickly as possible. 4.4. USE OF NAME AND LIKENESS. Sponsor shall not have any right to usethe name and/or likeness of Dr. C. Everett Koop or to make any statements,whether written or oral, which state or otherwise imply, directly or indirectly,any endorsement from or affiliation with Dr. C. Everett Koop in any mannerwhatsoever without the prior written consent of drkoop.com, which consent may bewithheld in drkoop.coms sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sponsoris hereby authorized during the Term to use the logo and tag lines set forth onExhibit D, on its Site, in its catalogs and in its stores in connection with itsmarketing and promotion efforts, in each case in accordance with the terms ofthis Agreement and subject to the reasonable approval of drkoop.com. Sponsor ishereby authorized to place such logo and any one of such tag lines on its Site,in its stores and in its catalogs in accordance with the terms of thisAgreement. ARTICLE V. CONFIDENTIALITY 5.1. CONFIDENTIALITY. For the purposes of this Agreement,"Confidential Information" means non-public information about the disclosingpartys business or activities that is proprietary and confidential, which shallinclude, without limitation, all business, financial, technical and otherinformation of a party marked or designated "confidential" or by its nature orthe circumstances surrounding its disclosure should reasonably be regarded asconfidential. Confidential Information includes not only written or othertangible information, but also information transferred orally, visually,electronically or by any other means. Confidential Information will not includeinformation that (i) is in or enters the public domain without breach of thisAgreement, (ii) the receiving party lawfully receives from a third party withoutrestriction on disclosure and without breach of a nondisclosure obligation or(iii) the receiving party knew prior to receiving such information from thedisclosing party or develops independently. 5.2. EXCLUSIONS. Each party agrees (i) that it will not disclose toany third party or use any Confidential Information disclosed to it by the otherexcept as expressly permitted in this Agreement and (ii) that it will take allreasonable measures to maintain the confidentiality of all ConfidentialInformation of the other party in its possession or control, which will in noevent be less than the measures it uses to maintain the confidentiality of itsown information of similar importance. 5.3. EXCEPTIONS. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party maydisclose Confidential Information (i) to the extent required by a court ofcompetent jurisdiction or other governmental authority or otherwise as requiredby law, provided, however, that with respect to filing obligations under thesecurities laws, each party will, to the extent that it is required to file thisAgreement, file this Agreement in redacted form reasonably approved by the otherparty prior to such filing or (ii) on a "need-to-know" basis under an obligationof confidentiality to its legal counsel, accountants, banks and other financingsources and their advisors. Except as set forth in 6 this Section 5.3, the terms and conditions of the Agreement will be deemed to bethe Confidential Information of each party and will not be disclosed without theprior written consent of the other party. 5.4. SPONSOR ADVERTISING CONTENT. drkoop.com hereby confirms andagrees that during the Term Sponsor shall be able to serve up its ownadvertising using NetGravity software and tags, and that drkoop.com shall not doanything which would interfere or hamper such serving. Notwithstanding anythingin this Agreement, all information regarding Sponsor Advertising Content(including Sponsor banner advertisements and e-commerce tiles), including allusers viewing and clicking information with respect thereto, shall be deemed tobe Confidential Information of Sponsor (collectively, "Sponsor ConfidentialAdvertising Information"). To the extent that in connection with drkoop.comsadvertising efforts, or otherwise, any third party may or will receive anySponsor Confidential Advertising Information from or through drkoop.com,drkoop.com agrees that prior to such third party receiving any such informationdrkoop.com will enter into an agreement with such third party pursuant to whichsuch third party will agree to keep any such Sponsor Confidential AdvertisingInformation received by such third party confidential to the same extent asdrkoop.com is required to keep such information confidential under theAgreement. To the extent that any third party breaches any such agreement ofconfidentiality with drkoop.com, drkoop.com hereby agrees to enforce its rightsand pursue its remedies under such agreement to the fullest extent permitted bylaw, including seeking equitable relief, . ARTICLE VI. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; INDEMNIFICATION 6.1. SPONSOR WARRANTY. Sponsor represents and warrants for the benefitof drkoop.com that the Sponsor Advertising Content and Sponsor Marks are trueand correct and do not and will not for the Term infringe upon or violate: (i)any intellectual property rights, including any copyright or trademark rights,of any third party and do not and will not constitute a defamation or invasionof the rights of privacy or publicity of any kind of any third party, (ii) anyapplicable law, regulation or non-proprietary third-party right. Sponsor furtherrepresents and warrants for the benefit of drkoop.com that the SponsorAdvertising Content does not contain any material which is unlawful, harmful,abusive, hateful, obscene, threatening or defamatory and Sponsor is not anentity or an affiliate of any entity which engages in the manufacture orwholesale distribution of tobacco or tobacco products (such activities arecollectively referred to herein as "Tobacco Industry Affiliation"). 6.2. DRKOOP.COM WARRANTY. Drkoop.com represents and warrants for thebenefit of Sponsor that the drkoop.com Marks are true and correct and do not andwill not for the Term infringe upon or violate: (i) any intellectual propertyrights, including any copyright or ____________________ Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 7 trademark rights, of any third party and do not and will not constitute adefamation or invasion of the rights of privacy or publicity of any kind of anythird party, (ii) any applicable law, regulation or non-proprietary third-partyright. Drkoop.com further represents and warrants for the benefit of Sponsorthat the drkoop.com Marks do not contain any material which is unlawful,harmful, abusive, hateful, obscene, threatening or defamatory, and drkoop.comhas the right to license the drkoop.com Marks, including the Dr. C. Everett Koopname (to the extent licensed under this Agreement), in accordance with the termsof this Agreement. 6.3. INDEMNIFICATION. Each party hereby agrees to indemnify and holdharmless the other party and its subsidiaries and affiliates, and theirrespective directors, officers, employees, agents, shareholders, partners,members and other owners, against any and all claims, actions, demands,liabilities, losses, damages, judgments, settlements, costs and expenses(including reasonable attorneys fees) (any or all of the foregoing hereinafterreferred to as "Losses") insofar as such Losses (or actions in respect thereof)arise out of or are based on (i) the breach of any representation or warrantyset forth in Articles 4, 5 or 6, (ii) any breach by it of the licenses grantedby it hereunder; (iii) the use by it of any trademarks or Content other than inaccordance with the terms hereof; . For purposes herein, "Content" shallmean, with respect to each party, the proprietary content delivered by suchparty to the other party pursuant to this Agreement, including, SponsorAdvertising Content, but only to the extent that such content is not altered bythe receiving party, and the proprietary content contained on such partys Site,and shall include only that content created by such party, its employees orother persons contractually bound to such party to create such content. Theforegoing obligations are contingent upon the indemnified party: (i) promptlynotifying the indemnifying party of any claim, suit, or proceeding for whichindemnity is claimed; (ii) cooperating reasonably with the indemnifying party atthe latters expense; and (iii) allowing the indemnifying party to control thedefense or settlement thereof. The indemnified party will have the right toparticipate in any defense of a claim and/or to be represented by counsel of itsown choosing at its own expense. ARTICLE VII. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 7.1. WARRANTY. Drkoop.com will use commercially reasonable efforts tomaintain the drkoop.com Website available and display the Sponsor AdvertisingContent twenty four hours per day each day during the term of the Agreement.Drkoop.com shall install and maintain a commercially acceptable system ofcollecting information about impressions and other data relating to the use ofthe Sponsor Advertising Content. Drkoop.com warrants to Sponsor that it willmake reasonable effort to perform under this agreement in a competent manner. 7.2. DISCLAIMER. Each party will be solely responsible for thedevelopment, operation and maintenance of its Site and for all materials thatappear on its Site. Such ____________________ Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 8 responsibilities include, but are not limited to: (i) the technical operation ofits Site and all related equipment; (ii) the accuracy and appropriateness ofmaterials posted on its Site; (iii) for ensuring that materials posted on itsSite do not violate any law, rule or regulation, including all FDA requirements,or infringe upon the rights of any third party (including, for example,copyright, trademarks, privacy or other personal or proprietary rights); and(iv) for ensuring that materials posted on its Site are not libelous orotherwise illegal. Each party disclaims all liability for all such matters withrespect to the other partys Site. Except for the foregoing, or as otherwisespecifically set forth in this Agreement, neither party makes anyrepresentations, warranties or guarantees of any kind, either express or implied(including, without limitation, any warranties of merchantability or fitness fora particular purpose), with respect to their respective Sites, or thefunctionality, performance or results of use thereof, or otherwise in connectionwith this Agreement. 7.3. EXCLUSION OF WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THISAGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY WARRANTY TO THE OTHER PARTY IN CONNECTIONWITH THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH PARTY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANYAND ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO ITS SITE AND SERVICES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF NONINFRINGEMENT AND THE IMPLIEDWARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. INPARTICULAR, AND NOT BY WAY OF LIMITATION, NEITHER PARTY WARRANTS THAT ITS SITEWILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE OR WITHOUT INTERRUPTION. 7.4. DAMAGES. EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 6.3, IN NO EVENT SHALLEITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIALOR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ITS TERMINATION, WHETHERLIABILITY IS ASSERTED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) STRICT LIABILITYOR OTHERWISE AND IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THEPOSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE. ARTICLE VIII. TERM AND TERMINATION 8.1. TERM; TERMINATION. 8.1.1. The initial term (the "Initial Term"; and together withall extensions and renewals, the "Term") will begin on the date set forth above (the "Launch Date") on which: (i) each of the Sponsor Areas of thedrkoop.com Website are operational in accordance with the terms of thisAgreement (other than the e-commerce tile placements); and (ii) the links to the____________________ Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 9 Sponsor Website or Vitamin Buzz contained in the Sponsor logos or the Sponsorbanner advertisements are established in accordance with the terms of thisAgreement, subject to earlier termination as set forth in this Agreement. If theLaunch Date has not occurred by August 31, 1999, Sponsor shall, in its solediscretion, be entitled to terminate this Agreement without any liability andreceive a full refund of all amounts paid by Sponsor to drkoop.com pursuant tothis Agreement prior to the date of such termination. 8.2. TERMINATION FOR TOBACCO INDUSTRY AFFILIATION. Upon commencing anyactivities relating to Tobacco Industry Affiliation (as defined in Section 6.1),Sponsor shall promptly notify drkoop.com of its intent to undertake TobaccoIndustry Affiliation. Upon receipt of such notice or upon learning of any suchTobacco Industry Affiliation from a third party, drkoop.com shall have the rightto terminate this Agreement immediately on written notice to Sponsor withoutliability of any kind. 8.3. TERMINATION FOR GARNISHMENT. Additionally, in the eventthat either party undertakes any action or fails to undertake any action, whichthe other party reasonably believes tarnishes the high quality of its name ortrademarks, including, with respect to drkoop.com, the "Dr. Koop" name, theother party shall have the right to terminate this agreement upon ten (10) dayswritten notice to the other party, provided that such action or inaction is notcured to the reasonable satisfaction of the terminating party within such tenday period. 8.4. TERMINATION FOR CAUSE. Either party may terminate this Agreementupon thirty (30) days written notice of a breach by the other party, providedsuch breach is not cured within such thirty-day period. 8.5. TERMINATION BY INSOLVENCY. Either party may terminate thisAgreement by providing written notice to the other party if the other partyceases to function as a going concern, becomes insolvent, makes an assignmentfor the benefit of creditors, files a petition in bankruptcy, permits a petitionin bankruptcy to be filed against it, or admits in writing its inability to payits debts as they mature, or if a receiver is appointed for a substantial partof its assets. 8.6. SURVIVAL. The following Sections shall survive termination ofthis Agreement: Article 5 (Confidentiality), Article 6 (Representations,Warranties and Indemnification), Article 7 (Limitation of Liability), andArticle 9 (General).____________________ Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 10 ARTICLE IX. GENERAL 9.1. PUBLICITY. Except as may be required by applicable laws andregulations or a court of competent jurisdiction, or as required to meet creditand financing arrangements, or as required or appropriate in the reasonablejudgment of either party to satisfy the disclosure requirements of an applicablesecurities law or regulation or any applicable accounting standard, neitherparty shall make any public release respecting this Agreement and the termshereof without the prior consent of the other party. 9.2. ARBITRATION. Any and all disputes, controversies and claimsarising out of or relating to this Agreement or concerning the respective rightsor obligations of the parties hereto shall be settled and determined byarbitration in the defending parties home forum before one (1) arbitratorpursuant to the Commercial Rules then in effect of the American ArbitrationAssociation. Each party shall have no longer than three (3) days to present itsposition. Judgment upon the award rendered may be entered in any court havingjurisdiction or application may be made to such court for a judicial acceptanceof the award and an order of enforcement. The parties agree that the arbitratorsshall have the power to award damages, injunctive relief and reasonableattorneys fees and expenses to any party in such arbitration. 9.3. ASSIGNMENT. Neither party may assign this Agreement, in whole orin part, without the other partys written consent, which consent will not beunreasonably withheld, except that: (a) a partys rights and obligationhereunder may be transferred to a successor of all or substantially all of thebusiness and assets of the party regardless of how the transaction or series ofrelated transactions is structured, provided, that the successor party agrees tobe bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and (b) Sponsormay assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any entity (i)which operates the Sponsor Website and (ii) which agrees to bound by all of theterms and conditions of this Agreement. 9.4. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced inaccordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, but without giving effect toits laws or rules relating to conflicts of laws. 9.5. NOTICE. All notices, statements and reports required or permittedby this Agreement shall be in writing and deemed to have been effectively givenand received: (i) five (5) business days after the date of mailing if sent byregistered or certified U.S. mail, postage prepaid, with return receiptrequested; (ii) when transmitted if sent by facsimile, provided a confirmationof transmission is produced by the sending machine and a copy of such facsimileis promptly sent by another means specified in this section; or (iii) whendelivered if delivered personally or sent by express courier service. Noticesshall be addressed as follows: 11 For drkoop.com: For Sponsor: drkoop.com. Vitamin Shoppe Industries, Inc. Personal Medical Records, Inc. 4700 Westside Avenue 8920 Business Park Drive North Bergen, New Jersey 07047 Austin, TX 78759 Attn: Ms. Miriam Nesheiwat Attn: Chief Financial Officer Fax: 201-583-1834 Fax: 512-726-5130 Email: mneshvitaminshoppe.com Email: gsearsdrkoop.com With a copy to: H. Leigh Feldman Robinson Silverman Pearce Aronsohn Berman LLP 1290 Avenue of the Americas 32nd Floor New York, NY 10104 Fax: 212-541-1492 Email: feldmanrspab.comEither party may change its address for the purpose of this paragraph by noticegiven pursuant to this paragraph 9.6. NO AGENCY. The parties are independent contractors and will haveno power or authority to assume or create any obligation or responsibility onbehalf of each other. This Agreement will not be construed to create or implyany partnership, agency or joint venture. 9.7. SEVERABILITY. In the event that any of the provisions of thisAgreement are held to be unenforceable by a court or arbitrator, the remainingportions of the Agreement will remain in full force and effect. 9.8. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement is the complete and exclusiveagreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof,superseding any prior agreements and communications (both written and oral)regarding such subject matter. This Agreement may only be modified, or anyrights under it waived, by a written document executed by both parties. 9.9. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts which,when signed, shall constitute one document. 12 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be dulyexecuted and delivered as of the day and year first above written. drkoop.com, inc. By:______________________________ Name: Title: VITAMIN SHOPPE INDUSTRIES, INC. By:______________________________ Name: Title: 13 SCHEDULE 1.2(I) SCREEN SHOT MOCK-UPS[ATTACHED] EXHIBIT A DIRECT COMPETITORS ____________________ Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. EXHIBIT B FORM OF HEALTHLINKS AGREEMENT[ATTACHED] EXHIBIT C ADVERTISING SPECIFICATIONSFile FormatsNaming Convention: (lowercase only, 8.3)Alternate Text: Use ALT tag; ten words or lessImage Dimensions :Sponsor Banner: 468 pixels by 60 pixels, 234 pixels by 60 pixels, 120 pixels by60 pixelsImage File Format: [GIF/JPEG]Image File Size: 12 k maximum file sizeFile Names:Use Sponsor name.: [Sponsor].gif]Delivery of GIFsEmail - mbaehrdrkoop.com.com, cc: gsearsdrkoop.com.comWe accept [,CompactPro, zip, gzip, and UNIX tar or compress] format tiles. Allformats must be mailed in [ASCII encoding(uuencode, mmencode)]. EXHIBIT D DRKOOP.COM CORPORATE LOGO[LOGO ATTACHED]"The Vitamin Shoppe is the proud exclusive vitamin sponsor of drkoop.com.""The Vitamin Shoppe is a proud sponsor of drkoop.com, the Trusted HealthNetwork, led by Dr. C. Everett Koop."The Vitamin Shoppe is a proud sponsor of drkoop.com, the Trusted Health Network,led by Dr. C. Everett Koop."