[FORM] ONLINE HOSTING AGREEMENT This Online Hosting Agreement (this "Agreement") is being entered intoeffective as of the 1st day of June, 1999 and is entered into by and betweenDiplomat Direct Marketing Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Diplomat"), andTadeo E-Commerce Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Tadeo"). R E C I T A L S A. Historically, Diplomat has been engaged directly in, among otherthings, the business of offering consumers the opportunity to place apparelorders directly with Diplomat through its toll free telephone number and its website (the "Direct Access Business"). B. Recently, Tadeo was formed and Tadeo and Diplomat have entered intoa Web Design and Consulting Agreement of even date herewith (the "WebAgreement") pursuant to which Tadeo has agreed to assist Diplomat in developingthe technology, and providing other services necessary, to further DiplomatsDirect Access Business, including the hosting and maintenance of Diplomats website (the "Web Site"). C. In connection with Diplomats operation of its Direct AccessBusiness, Diplomat desires to obtain various online hosting services("Services") from Tadeo, and Tadeo desires to provide such Services to Diplomat. THEREFORE, THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE AS FOLLOWS:Section 1. SERVICES. Tadeo shall provide, directly or through a third party vendorreasonably satisfactory to Diplomat, the Online Hosting Services described onEXHIBIT A hereto, at the cost specified and on the other terms and conditions asset forth on EXHIBIT A.Section 2. COMPENSATION. Diplomat will pay to Tadeo when due a fee for each of the Servicesequal to the amount described in EXHIBIT A hereto relating to each such Service;PROVIDED, that in the event Diplomat terminates this Agreement in accordancewith Section 3 hereof, the fee for the provision of each - 2 -terminated Service shall cease to accrue on and after the effective date of suchtermination. In the event that Diplomat terminates this Agreement other than inaccordance with Section 3, Diplomat shall be obligated to pay for the Servicesin accordance with the fee schedule contained on EXHIBIT A throughout thebalance of the Period (as hereinafter defined) as though Tadeo continued toprovide the terminated Services through the balance of the Period. Late paymentsshall accrue interest at a rate equal to fifteen (15%) percent per annum.Section 3. TERM. (a) The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof(the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a period of 12 months thereafter(the "Period") in full force and effect until it is terminated in accordancewith this Section 3. (b) Diplomat or Tadeo, if such party is not in default of theterms of this Agreement, may extend the term of this Agreement for an additionalone year ("Additional Period"), provided the extending party gives the otherparty at least sixty (60) days advance written notice before the end of thePeriod. If either party elects to extend the Agreement for the AdditionalPeriod, all other terms and conditions of this Agreement shall continue duringthe Additional Period. (c) Tadeo shall have the right (but not the obligation) toterminate this Agreement and the rights granted to Diplomat hereunder if: (i) Diplomat is in material breach of any of itsobligations hereunder, which breach is not cured within five days of receipt ofwritten notice from Tadeo of such breach; (ii) The Web Agreement is terminated by any of Tadeo,Diplomat, or any other party thereto [in the event the rights and obligations ofany party(ies) to such Web Agreement have been duly assigned to a thirdparty(ies) under the terms thereof] in accordance with the terms of the WebAgreement, but not if the Web Agreement is terminated by Tadeo or itsassignee(s) other than in accordance with the terms of the Web Agreement; (iii) Diplomat is the subject of a voluntary petitionin bankruptcy or any voluntary proceeding relating to insolvency, receivership,liquidation or composition for the benefit of creditors, if such petition orproceeding is not dismissed within 60 days of filing, or becomes the subject ofany involuntary petition in bankruptcy or any involuntary proceeding relating toinsolvency, receivership, liquidation or composition for the benefit ofcreditors, if such petition or proceeding is not dismissed within 60 days offiling; (iv) Diplomat involuntarily dissolves or isdissolved; - 3 - (v) Diplomat is judicially adjudicated insolvent orgenerally is unable to pay its debts as they mature or makes an assignment forthe benefit of its creditors; or (vi) Upon Tadeo giving Diplomat at least sixty (60)days advance written notice of termination of this Agreement. (d) Diplomat shall have the right (but not the obligation) toterminate this Agreement and the rights granted to Tadeo hereunder if: (i) Tadeo is in material breach of any of itsobligations hereunder, which breach is not cured within five days of receipt ofwritten notice from Diplomat of such breach; (ii) The Web Agreement is terminated by any of Tadeo,Diplomat, or any other party thereto [in the event the rights and obligations ofany party(ies) to such Web Agreement have been duly assigned to a thirdparty(ies) under the terms thereof] in accordance with the terms of the WebAgreement, but not if the Web Agreement is terminated by Diplomat or itsassignee(s) other than in accordance with the terms of the Web Agreement; (iii) Tadeo is the subject of a voluntary petition inbankruptcy or any voluntary proceeding relating to insolvency, receivership,liquidation or composition for the benefit of creditors, if such petition orproceeding is not dismissed within 60 days of filing, or becomes the subject ofany involuntary proceeding relating to insolvency, receivership, liquidation orcomposition for the benefit of creditors, if such petition or proceeding is notdismissed within 60 days of filing. (iv) Tadeo involuntarily dissolves or is dissolved; (v) Tadeo is judicially adjudicated insolvent orgenerally is unable to pay its debts as they mature or makes an assignment forthe benefit of its creditors; or (vi) Upon Diplomat giving Tadeo at least sixty (60)days advance written notice of termination of this Agreement. (e) Tadeo will have the right (but not the obligation) toterminate this Agreement and the rights granted to Diplomat hereunder, upon 60days written notice to Diplomat, following the acquisition of all orsubstantially all of the assets of Diplomat by any Permitted Assignee (asdefined in Section 9(a) of this Agreement), or the acquisition of the beneficialownership of at least 20% (the "Threshold") of the voting power represented bythe voting securities of Diplomat, any successor thereto or any PermittedAssignee by any person or - 4 -"group" within the meaning of Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the SecuritiesExchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or any successorprovision to either of the foregoing, including any group acting for the purposeof acquiring, holding or disposing of securities within the meaning of Rule13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act or any successor provision thereof (a"group") other than The Rubin Family Irrevocable Stock Trust U/A dated April 30,1997, organized under the laws of the State of New York (the "Trust"), Robert M.Rubin ("Rubin"), or any affiliate of Rubin or the Trust. For purposes of thisAgreement, (i) the term "beneficial ownership" shall have the meaning set forthin Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act or any successor provisions thereof, (ii) theterm "voting securities means the common Stock, par value .0001 per share, ofDiplomat and any other securities issued by Diplomat having the power to votegenerally in the election of directors of Diplomat and (iii) the term"affiliate" means a person or entity directly or indirectly controlled by,controlling or under common control with another person. For purposes of thisSection 3, an acquisition shall not include (A) the acquisition by a person ofvoting securities of Diplomat pursuant to an involuntary disposition throughforeclosure or similar event, or (B) the acquisition by a person of votingsecurities of Diplomat pursuant to a dividend intended to be on a tax-free basis(a "Tax-Free Spin-Off") under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended fromtime to time, but shall include a subsequent acquisition of voting securitiespursuant to a disposition by the person that acquired the voting securities insuch involuntary disposition or such Tax-Free Spin-Off. In the event any personacquires beneficial ownership of voting power in excess of the Threshold as aresult of a transaction described in the immediately preceding sentence, theThreshold with respect to such person shall be adjusted to an amount equal tothe percentage of beneficial ownership held by such person immediately followingsuch transaction. (f) A party may exercise its right to terminate pursuant tothis Section 3 by sending appropriate written notice to the other party. Noexercise by a party of its rights under this Section will limit its remedies byreason of the other partys default, the partys rights to exercise any otherrights under this Section 3, or any of that partys other rights.Section 4. RECORDS AND ACCOUNTS. Tadeo will maintain accurate books, records and accounts of alltransactions relating to the Services performed by it pursuant to thisAgreement. Diplomat may, at its own expense, examine and copy those books andrecords as provided in this Section 4. Such books, records and accounts will bemaintained in a manner that allows Diplomat to separate these matters from thoserelating to Tadeos other operations. Such books, records and accounts willreflect such information as would normally be examined by an independentaccountant in performing an audit pursuant to United States generally acceptedauditing standards for the purpose of certifying financial statements, and topermit verification thereof by governmental agencies. Diplomat may makeexaminations pursuant hereto during Tadeos usual business hours, and at theplace in the continental United States where Tadeo regularly keeps these booksand records. Diplomat will be required to notify Tadeo at least five businessdays before the date of planned examination. If Diplomats examination is notcompleted within one month from commencement, Tadeo at any time may requireDiplomat to terminate such examination on - 5 -seven days notice to Diplomat; PROVIDED that Tadeo has cooperated with Diplomatin the examination of such books and records.Section 5. NO RESTRICTIONS. Nothing in this Agreement shall limit or restrict the right of any ofDiplomats directors, officers or employees or any of Tadeos directors,officers or employees to engage directly or indirectly in the same or similarbusiness activities or lines of business as Diplomat or, respectively, or limitor restrict the right of Diplomat or Tadeo as the case may be, to engage in anyother business or to render or obtain, as the case may be, services of any kindto or from, as the case may be , any corporation, firm, individual, trust orassociation.Section 6. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS. Tadeo and Diplomat are independent contractors. There is norelationship of partnership, joint venture, employment, franchise or agencybetween Tadeo and Diplomat. Neither Tadeo nor Diplomat shall have the power tobind the other or incur obligations on the others behalf without the othersprior written consent. When Tadeos employees act under the terms of thisAgreement, they shall be deemed at all times to be under the supervision andresponsibility of Tadeo and no person employed by Tadeo and acting under theterms of this Agreement shall be deemed to be acting as agent or employee ofDiplomat or any customer of Diplomat for any purpose whatsoever.Section 7. CONFIDENTIALITY. Tadeo and Diplomat each agree to hold in strict confidence, and to usereasonable efforts to cause each of their employees and representatives to holdin strict confidence, all confidential information concerning Tadeo or Diplomat,as the case may be, furnished to or obtained by the other party, in the courseof performing the obligations provided for under this Agreement except to theextent that (a) such information has been in the public domain through no faultof Tadeo or Diplomat, as the case may be, (b) disclosure or release is compelledby judicial or administrative process, or (c) in the opinion of counsel to Tadeoor Diplomat, as the as may be, disclosure or release is necessary pursuant torequirements of law or the requirements of any governmental entity including,without limitation, disclosure requirements under the securities laws of theUnited States or similar laws of other jurisdictions applicable to Tadeo orDiplomat, as the case may be.Section 8. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS OF TADEO. All materials, including but not limited to any computer software (inobject code and source code form), data or information developed or provided byTadeo, or its suppliers under this Agreement, and any know-how, methodologies,equipment, or processes used by Tadeo to provide the Services to Diplomat,including, without limitation, all copy-rights, trademarks, - 6 -patents, trade secrets, and any other proprietary rights inherent therein andappurtenant thereto (collectively, "Host Materials") shall remain the sole andexclusive property of Tadeo or its suppliers. To the extent, if any, thatownership of the Hose Materials does not automatically vest in Tadeo by virtueof this Agreement or otherwise, Diplomat hereby transfers and assigns to Tadeoall rights, title and interest which Diplomat may have in and to the HostMaterials. Diplomat acknowledges and agrees that Tadeo is in the business ofdesigning and hosting Web sites, and that Tadeo shall have the right to provideto third parties services which are the same or similar to the Tadeo Services,and to use or otherwise exploit any Host Materials in providing such services.Section 9. DISPUTE RESOLUTION. (a) In the event that any party to this Agreement hasany claim, right or cause of action against any other party to this Agreement,which the parties shall be unable to settle by agreement between themselves,such claim, right or cause of action, to the extent that the relief sought bysuch party is for monetary damages or awards, shall be determined by arbitrationin accordance with the Rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"),through the adjudication by a single arbitrator, in New York, New York, with thedecision of such arbitrator to be final and binding upon all parties. The fees,costs and expenses of such arbitration, as submitted by the AAA, shall be borneequally by both Tadeo and Diplomat; PROVIDED, that each of Tadeo and Diplomatshall pay the fees, costs and expenses of its own counsel, accountants and otherrepresentatives in connection with such arbitration. The parameters of the AAAproceedings undertaken in accordance with this Section 8 shall be prescribedsuch that a decision shall be rendered within sixty (60) days following theinitial written reference of the related dispute to AAA arbitration. (b) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Section 8, inthe event that a party against whom any claim, right or cause of action isasserted commences, or has commenced against it, bankruptcy, insolvency orsimilar proceedings, the party or parties asserting such claim, right or causeof action shall have no obligations under this Section 8 and may assert suchclaim, right or cause of action in the manner and forum it deems appropriate,subject to applicable laws. No determination or decision by the arbitratorspursuant to this Section 8 shall limit or restrict the ability of any partyhereto to obtain or seek in any appropriate forum, any relief or remedy that isnot a monetary award or money damages.Section 10. MISCELLANEOUS. (a) Neither party any assign this Agreement, or theirrespective rights and obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, without theother partys prior written consent; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that Tadeo shall beentitled to assign all of its rights and obligations hereunder to any subsidiaryor affiliated entity without the consent of Diplomat. Any attempt to assign thisAgreement without such consent (if required) shall be void and of no effect ABINITIO. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, either party mayassign this Agreement or all, but not less than all, of its rights andobligations hereunder to any entity that acquires it by - 7 -purchase of stock or by merger or otherwise, or by obtaining all orsubstantially all of its assets (a "Permitted Assignee"); PROVIDED, that anysuch Permitted Assignee thereafter succeeds to all of the rights and is subjectto all of the obligations of the assignor under this Agreement; and PROVIDED,HOWEVER, that the provisions of this Section 9(a) shall in no way modify theprovisions of Section 3(d). (b) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed inaccordance with the internal laws of the State of New York applicable toagreements made and to be performed entirely within such State, without regardto the conflicts of law principles of such State. Each party shall comply in allrespects with all laws and regulations applicable to its activities under thisAgreement. (c) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 8, each partyhereto irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of (a) the courts ofthe State of New York, New York County, or (b) the Untied States District Courtfor the southern District of New York, for the purposes of any suit, action orother proceeding arising out of this Agreement or any transaction contemplatedhereby or thereby. Each of Diplomat and Tadeo agrees to commence any suchaction, suit or proceeding either in the Untied States District Court for theSouthern District of New York, or if such suit, action or other proceeding maynot be brought in such court for jurisdictional reasons, in the courts of theState of New York County. Each of Diplomat and Tadeo further agrees that serviceof any process, summons, notice or documents by U.S. registered mail to suchpartys respective address set forth below shall be effective service of processfor any action, suit or proceeding in New York with respect to any matters towhich it has submitted to jurisdiction in this Section 9(c). Each of Diplomatand Tadeo irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying ofvenue of any action, suit or proceeding arising out of this Agreement or thetransactions contemplated hereby and thereby in (i) the courts of the State ofNew York County, or (ii) the United States District Court for the SouthernDistrict of New York, and hereby and thereby further irrevocably andunconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court thatany such action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been broughtin an inconvenient forum. (d) If any provisions of this Agreement (or any portionthereof) or the application of any such provision (or any portion thereof) toany person or circumstance shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable inany respect by a court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality orunenforceability shall not affect any other provision hereof (or the remainingportion thereof) or the application of such provision to any other persons orcircumstances. (e) All notices or other communications required or permittedto be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand, byfacsimile (with confirmation back), or sent, postage prepaid, by registered,certified or express mail or nationally recognized overnight courier service andshall be deemed given when so delivered by hand, by facsimile (with confirmationback), or if mailed, three days after mailing (one business day in the case ofexpress mail or overnight courier service), as follows: - 8 - (i) if to Tadeo: Tadeo E-Commerce Corp. 5 Hanover Square New York, New York 10004 Attention: Damon Testaverde, President (ii) if to Diplomat: Diplomat Direct Marketing Corporation 414 Alfred Avenue Teaneck, New Jersey 07666 Attention: Warren H. Golden, President (f) The provisions of Sections 7, 8 and 9 hereof shall surviveany termination of this Agreement. (g) No failure to either party to exercise or enforce any ofits rights under this Agreement shall act as a waiver of such right. (h) This Agreement, along with the Exhibit hereto, containsthe entire agreement and understanding between the parties hereto with respectto the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements andunderstandings relating to such subject matter. Neither party shall be liable orbound to any other party in any manner by any representations, warranties orconvenants relating to such subject matter expect as specifically set forthherein. (i) This Agreement may be executed in one or morecounterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement, andshall become effective when one or more such counterparts have been signed byeach of the parties and delivered to each of the other parties. (j) This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrumentin writing signed on behalf of each of the parties hereto. (k) This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the partieshereto and nothing herein expressed or implied shall give or be construed togive to any person, other than the parties hereto any legal or equitable rightshereunder. (l) The headings contained in this Agreement or in any Exhibithereto are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way themeaning or interpretation of this Agreement. All Exhibits annexed hereto orreferred to herein are hereby incorporated in and made a part of this Agreementas if set forth in full herein. Any capitalized terms used in any Exhibit butnot otherwise defined therein, shall have the meaning as defined in thisAgreement. When a reference is made in this Agreement to a Section or anExhibit, such reference shall be to a Section of, or an Exhibit to, thisAgreement unless otherwise indicated. - 9 - IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement asof June 30, 1999. TADEO E-COMMERCE CORP. By: /s/ Damon Testaverde Damon Testaverde President DIPLOMAT DIRECT MARKETING CORP. By /s/ Warren H. Golden Warren H. Golden President EXHIBIT A ONLINE HOSTING SERVICES If requested by Diplomat, Tadeo will provide, by itself or through itssubsidiaries or affiliates, the Services described below: (a) Scope and Description of Services. Tadeo will provide Diplomat withall online hosting services currently provided to Diplomat through third partycontracts, including, without limitations, the development and maintenance forDiplomats operating divisions and/or operating subsidiaries of Commerce WebSubsites (as defined below) within the www.______ web site on the Internet basedon online Enrollment and Information Forms, completed by Diplomat, submitted inconformance with Tadeos instructions. Notwithstanding anything herein to thecontrary, Tadeo and Diplomat will confer, from time to time, with respect to theplacement of the link to this information and the manner in which this linkappears on the subject web site; PROVIDED, that if mutual agreement is notreached on such placement, the reasonable determination with respect theretomade by Tadeo shall be final and binding on both parties. If a consumer placesan order directly on a Tadeo-operated Commerce Web Subsite for a Diplomat DirectAccess Business product, Tadeo agrees to transmit such order to DiplomatsDirect Access Business network and Diplomat will convert that order to a messageand direct the order for internally processed fulfillment, with Diplomatreceiving 100% of the orders value subject to any processing charges (subjectto the terms of the Web Agreement). For the purposes of this Agreement, theterms "Commerce Web Subsite" means a web site through which a consumer can placean order for Diplomat products. (b) Price. For the services described above, Diplomat will pay Tadeo amonthly fee of ____________ for each Commerce Web Subsite hosted by Tadeo inaccordance with the Fee Schedule annexed as EXHIBIT A-1. (c) Payment and Accounting. Tadeo will invoice Diplomat within 15 daysof the end of each month for Services rendered in such month. Diplomat will paysuch invoice within 30 days of receipt. EXHIBIT A-1 [Omitted]