Exhibit 10.5 DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENTThis Agreement is entered into as of January 21, 2005 (the “Effective Date”) by and among VendingData Corporation, a Nevada corporation(“Vendor”), and Technical Casino Supplies Ltd, an English company (“Distributor”).RECITALSWHEREAS, Vendor is the owner of patents, patents pending, trademarks, and other related intellectual property involving a full range of shufflingmachine products for the casino industry (collectively, the “Products” and, individually, the “Product”);WHEREAS, Distributor is in the business of distributing products to the casino industry throughout the world and is a subsidiary of VictoriaHoldings Ltd; andWHEREAS, Vendor desires to grant to Distributor an exclusive right to market, sell, rent, lease, service and maintain the Products subject to theterms and conditions as set forth herein.NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the several and mutual promises, agreements, covenants, understandings, undertakings, representationsand warranties hereinafter set forth the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement agree that theaforementioned recitals are true and correct and by this reference incorporated herein as if fully set forth and the parties further covenant and agreeas follows:1.TERMAs provided for in this Section 1, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years, beginning on the Effective Date (the “InitialTerm”); provided, however, the Initial Term shall be subject to automatic successive renewal terms of three (3) years each (the “Renewal Terms” andtogether with the Initial Term, the “Term”).1.1. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated subject to the following clauses: 1.1.1. By either Vendor or Distributor, upon written notice of termination of this Agreement no later than ninety (90) calendar days prior to theexpiration of the relevant Term, then in effect; 1.1.2. By Vendor and Distributor, at any time, upon the mutual written agreement of Vendor and Distributor; 1.1.3. By either Vendor or Distributor, following a material or continuing breach of this Agreement (in the case of a breach which is capable ofremedy) by the other party and the breaching party’s failure to cure such breach within ninety (90) days of receiving written notice of suchbreach, where a breach shall be considered capable of remedy if the party in breach can comply with the provision in question in all respectsother than as to the time of the performance (provided that the time of performance is not of the essence); or 1.1.4. Subject to Section 1.6, by Vendor (or successor to Vendor), upon written notice to Distributor of a change of control of Vendor and theelection by Vendor (or successor to Vendor) to terminate this Agreement, where a “change of control” shall mean a change in ownership ofthe Vendor such that an unaffiliated third party acquires a majority of the voting power of Vendor; 1.1.5. Subject to Section 1.6, with respect to any shuffler line, by Vendor, upon written notice to Distributor of the transfer of ownership of therelevant shuffler line (i.e,, the PokerOneTM Shuffler, the Random PlusTM Shuffler, the Continuous PlusTM Shuffler and other future line ofshuffler products offered by Vendor) to an unaffiliated third party and the election by the unaffiliated third party to terminate this Agreementwith respect to the relevant shuffler line.1.2. No Responsibility. Upon termination of this Agreement in accordance with the terms of this Section 1, the terminating party shall not beresponsible for any costs or damages incurred by the other party resulting from the termination, subject to Section 1.6 of this Agreement.1.3. Distributor Credit. Except when this Agreement is terminated due to the uncured breach of Distributor, Distributor shall have within one (1)month of termination of this Agreement the right to return the Products purchased by Distributor to Vendor provided that the Products areunopened upon receipt by Vendor. Distributor will receive a credit for the full price paid by Distributor for the Products. Under such circumstances,Vendor shall have the right to market and sell such returns to other customers that may be interested in acquiring the goods referred to herein.1.4. Delivery upon Termination. In the event of termination for whatever reason, Vendor and Distributor agree to complete the delivery of eachorder of the Product received by Distributor and each unfulfilled order for the Product prior to the termination date.1.5. Effect. In the event of the termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, the exclusive distribution right and license granted toDistributor pursuant to this Agreement shall automatically revert to Vendor as Vendor’s sole property.1.6. Monthly Compensation. In the event that this Agreement is terminated pursuant to either Section 1.1.4 or 1.1.5 of this Agreement, this shall notof itself be deemed a breach hereof but Distributor shall have the right to receive monthly compensation from Vendor, or successor to the Vendor,representing the amount of profit to Distributor lost as a result of the termination (the “Monthly Compensation”). 1.6.1. Calculation. The amount of the Monthly Compensation shall be determined by taking average gross profit related to the relevantProducts for each of the monthly periods completed since the beginning of this Agreement, where “gross profit” shall mean the differencebetween the revenue generated by Distributor during the relevant period less any commissions paid by Distributor to third parties and lessthe Price paid by Distributor to Vendor for the relevant Products (exclusive of any taxes, charges, fees or impositions related to sales ordelivery). 1.6.2. Payment. The Monthly Compensation shall be paid for the remaining monthly periods remaining in the Term, as if the termination of thisAgreement had not occurred, or twenty four (24) calendar months, which ever period is less, where payment shall be made no later than thirty(30) calendar days after the end of the relevant monthly period.-2- 1.6.3. Reservation of Rights. For the avoidance of doubt, Distributor’s right to compensation shall be without prejudice to its rights in respectof any breach by Vendor of this Agreement.2.GRANT OF DISTRIBUTION RIGHTS; LICENSEIn consideration for the purchase of the Products by Distributor from Vendor, Vendor grants Distributor the exclusive right to market, sell, rent,lease, service and maintain the Products and all improvements thereon within the Territory (as defined herein) according to the terms andconditions as set forth herein. As part of the exclusive distribution right granted in this Section 2, Vendor hereby grants Distributor the non-exclusive, non-transferable right to use and display Vendor’s trademarks, logos, Product photographs and images, Product advertising andpromotional copy, including but not limited to the materials contained in Vendor’s website, in connection with the promotion, advertising anddistribution of the Products.2.1. Definition of “Territory.” For the purposes of this Agreement, the “Territory” shall mean all countries and territories throughout the world withthe exception of the United States of America, the Caribbean and cruise ships based from ports within the United States of America or theCaribbean.2.2. Limitations. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Distributor specifically agrees that any and all marks, logos, imagesand copy related to the Products are solely the property of Vendor. Distributor agrees not to use in any manner whatsoever the marks, logos,images and copy of Vendor following the expiration or termination of this Agreement, except as may be needed to sell any Products remaining inDistributor’s inventory.2.3. Design and Specification. In its sole discretion and without any liability to Distributor, Vendor shall have final decision-making power withrespect to, from time to time, alter the design or construction of any Products, add new and additional Products and discontinue any Products;provided, however, in the event of any such action on Vendor’s part, Vendor shall give reasonable notice to Distributor.2.4. Prosecution of the Patent Applications. Vendor shall retain full and complete control over the prosecution of any patent applications and anyrelated disclaimer proceedings.2.5. Ownership of Future Inventions and Improvements. Any and all future inventions and improvements related to the Products licensed pursuantto this Agreement shall be the property of Vendor.2.6. Commission to Vendor For Sales Lead to Distributor. Subject to the mutual agreement of Vendor and Distributor, in the event that Vendorprovides a new sales lead to Distributor that results in the sale of the Products, Distributor shall pay to Vendor a commission equal to twenty-fivepercent (25%) of the gross profit for the Products, where gross profit shall mean the difference between the price paid by the customer (whereDistributor will determine the customer price for the Products on a case by case basis) and the price paid by Distributor for the Products. Salesleads for rental contracts provided by Vendor to Distributor will be dealt with on a case by case basis by mutual agreement between Vendor andDistributor. Any repeat orders will be dealt with on a case by case basis by mutual agreement between Vendor and Distributor.-3- 2.6.1. Payment. Distributor hereby agrees to provide to Vendor payment of the commission no later than thirty (30) calendar days after thereceipt of full payment from the customer.3.OBLIGATIONS OF DISTRIBUTORIn exchange for the exclusive distribution right and license provided in Section 2 of this Agreement, Distributor hereby agrees during the Term touse its best commercial efforts to promote, advertise and distribute the Products throughout the Territory, including, without limitation, thefollowing:3.1. Distributor will purchase the Products from Vendor in accordance with the parameters set forth in Sections 5 and 6 of this Agreement;3.2. Distributor will be responsible for all marketing, selling and servicing efforts for the Products within the Territory;3.3. Distributor shall, in the event of any actual or alleged infringement of the Products comes to the attention of Distributor, promptly notifyVendor, in writing, of the actual or alleged infringement;3.4. Distributor shall not obtain, purchase, receive or source any other card shuffling machine from any third party or other source under anycircumstance other than from Vendor with the exception of all Shuffle Master, Inc. shuffling machines which are held in stock at the Effective Datewhich Distributor is free to sell, rent purchase or lease until all of the said stock has been depleted.3.5. Distributor shall not sell or otherwise transfer any of the rights granted pursuant to this Agreement to any third party without the prior writtenconsent of Vendor; provided, however, Distributor may enter into distribution arrangements with regional distributors within the Territory in itsefforts to promote, advertise and distribute the Products in accordance with this Agreement;3.6. Distributor shall provide written updates to Vendor at the end of each calendar quarter of any distribution arrangements entered into byDistributor as permitted by Section 3.5 of this Agreement, where said notice shall contain the name and location of the regional distributor, and abrief statement on the experience and history of the regional distributor;3.7. Distributor shall not make any modifications to the Products without prior written consent of Vendor;3.8. Distributor shall provide to Vendor: (1) monthly sales figures no later than fifteen (15) calendar days after the end of the relevant monthly periodthat provides information with respect to sales for each Product; and (2) a non binding three (3) month forecast on a quarterly basis;3.9. Distributor shall demonstrate the Products at the following international gaming exhibitions, ICE (London), G2E (Las Vegas), SAGSE (BuenosAires), EELEX (Moscow) and AGE (Sydney), or any successors or equivalents to the aforementioned exhibitions. Distributor may also demonstratethe products at other gaming exhibitions where Distributor decides to exhibit, subject to there being a good business case to do so; and3.10. Distributor shall be responsible for the retention, use and actions of any third parties used to distribute the Products, including any claims,liabilities or other damages associated with such third parties.-4-4.OBLIGATIONS OF VENDORIn exchange for the marketing and selling of the Products provided in Section 3, Vendor hereby agrees:4.1. To provide Distributor with the appropriate product brochures, and two (2) fully working and fit for purpose samples of each model of shufflingmachine free of charge;4.2. To prominently display and advertise that Distributor is the sole and exclusive distributor of Vendor for the Products in the Territory;4.3. Subject to Section 2.6 of this Agreement, not to market, distribute, sell or supply the Products covered by this Agreement to any individual orentity in the Territory directly in response to a request from that person or entity without the prior written consent of Distributor;4.4. Subject to Section 4.5 of this Agreement, for a period of twenty-four (24) months after the Effective Date, not to develop, manufacture, market,distribute, sell or supply anywhere in the world to any individual or entity a gaming chip-sorting machine for use in a casino; and4.5. Notwithstanding Section 4.4 of this Agreement, use its best commercial efforts to enter into a separate agreement with Distributor for themanufacture of a gaming chip-sorting machine or the manufacture of components of a gaming chip-sorting machine for use by the casino industry,where a condition of the agreement will be that Vendor will not compete with Distributor in any way in relation to the manufacture, supply, sale anddistribution of gaming chip-sorting machines. It is understood that if Vendor and Distributor fail to reach an agreement then the twenty-four (24)month restriction detailed in Section 4.4 above will remain in force..The obligation detailed under Section 4.4 above will cease immediately if Distributor fails to complete its obligations under Section 5.1 below, wheresuch failure is not a result of any default by Vendor, or if Distributor fails to provide payment for the Products within one hundred and eighty (180)days after the delivery of the same.5.PURCHASE; SHIPPING5.1. Purchase. In exchange for the exclusive distribution right and license granted to Distributor pursuant to this Agreement, during the Term,Distributor hereby agrees to purchase the Products from Vendor, where such Products are fit for purpose and ready for sale in the Territory, asdetermined by Distributor, as follows: 5.1.1. As of the Effective Date, one hundred (100) units of the PokerOneTM Shuffler at a price of Four Thousand Nine Hundred Dollars(4,950.00 U.S.) per unit, where Vendor shall ship the units no later than the end of January 2005; 5.1.2. Upon the delivery of two (2) units of the Random PlusTM Shuffler to Distributor and the expiration of a review period ending thirty (30)calendar days after the receipt of delivery by Distributor,, where such review by Distributor determines that the Random PlusTM Shuffler is fitfor purpose and ready for commercial sale in the Territory, one hundred (100) units of the Random PlusTM Shuffler at a price of Four ThousandNine Hundred Fifty Dollars (4,950.00 U.S.) per unit, where Vendor shall ship the units no later than 30 days after the review period;-5- 5.1.3. Upon the receipt of any necessary approvals or approval waivers and the expiration of a review period ending thirty (30) calendar daysafter the receipt of delivery by Distributor of two (2) units of the Continuous PlusTM Shuffler, where such review by Distributor determinesthat the Continuous PlusTM Shuffler is fit for purpose and ready for commercial sale in the Territory, one hundred (100) units of theContinuous PlusTM Shuffler at a price of Five Thousand Nine Hundred Fifty Dollars (5,950.00 U.S.); 5.1.4. Within thirty (30) days of the one (1) year anniversary of the Effective Date, an additional two hundred (200) units of the Productscomprising any mix of the shuffler products offered by Vendor; and 5.1.5. Any additional number of units of the Products as may be submitted by Distributor to Vendor pursuant to a Purchase Order (as definedherein).5.2. Purchase Order. Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, all orders for the purchase of the Products shall be made through thesubmission of a purchase order (a “Purchase Order”), where such Purchase Order shall set forth: (1) the relevant monthly period to which thePurchase Order relates; (2) the Products to be ordered; (3) the quantity of the Products ordered; (4) the relevant price for the Products ordered; (5)the requested shipping date and destination of the Products ordered; (6) the Purchase Order number; and (7) the name and authorized signature ofDistributor.5.3. Shipping. Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, upon the acceptance of a Purchase Order by Vendor, Vendor shall, in the normalcourse of business, package, crate and insure the Products at its cost (including any applicable export duties and export taxes) and deliver theProducts to Distributor F.O.B. Zhongshan City, China. Vendor will advise Distributor immediately of any delay but will use all reasonable means todispatch the Products within four (4) weeks of an order being received. Vendor shall as soon as practicable inform Distributor of the delivery datefor each quantity of Products shipped to Distributor or to an address nominated by Distributor.5.4. Partial Shipments; Pro Rata Allocation. Vendor reserves the right to supply against a Purchase Order by making partial shipments of theProducts. In the event that Vendor is forced to allocate the distribution of the Products due to limited supply, Distributor shall be treated no lessfavorably than any other distributor and shall receive its pro rata allocation of the Products.5.5. Failure to Purchase. If Distributor fails to purchase or complete the purchase of the Products (or the payment thereof) in the quantities and thetimes specified in Section 5.1 of this Agreement, Vendor shall have the right to convert this Agreement from an exclusive grant of distribution rightsto a non-exclusive grant of distribution rights by providing written notice to Distributor within fourteen (14) days of any date by which Distributorwas obliged to purchase the specified quantity of Products as set in Section 5.1 of this Agreement. Upon providing notice to Distributor pursuantto this Section 5.5, Distributor shall no longer be required to purchase balance of the Products required to be purchased pursuant to Section 5.1 ofthis Agreement. Distributor shall not be liable for any losses or damages incurred by Vendor as a result of Distributor’s failure to meet itsobligations under Section 5.1 of this Agreement.6.PRICE; PAYMENT6.1. Price Changes. The prices stated in Section 5.1 of this Agreement are subject to change. For any price change to take effect ninety (90) daysnotice must be given in order for the price change to apply; provided, however, the proposed price change must also apply to the Products for saleby Vendor outside the Territory. In the event that there is a price change required by Vendor that does not fall within the ninety (90) day noticeperiod, both parties agree to discuss the nature of the increase in order to reach a mutually acceptable understanding. All the aforementioned pricechanges will not exceed, on a percentage term basis, any increase in the US retail selling price.-6-6.2. Payment. Distributor agrees that all payments to Vendor for the Products shall be made by wire transfer in United States Dollars (U.S.);provided, further, 6.2.1. For all Products to be delivered by Vendor directly to Distributor, the Price shall be paid by Distributor to Vendor within the earlier of: (1)one hundred eighty (180) calendar days from the date of delivery; or (2) thirty (30) calendar days after the sale or rental of the relevantProducts by Distributor; and 6.2.2. For all Products to be delivered by Vendor directly to a third party purchaser of Distributor (as instructed pursuant to the relevantPurchase Order), the Price shall be paid by Distributor to Vendor within forty-five (45) days of Distributor’s sale of the Products to the thirdparty purchaser.6.3. Notice of Discount Structure and Promotions. Vendor and Distributor each agree to provide the other party with written notice of its intent tooffer a discount structure, rebate program or other promotion with respect to the sale of the Products, including the relevant time frame applicableto such discount structure, rebate program or promotion.7.MARKETING MATERIALS7.1. Development of Marketing Materials. Vendor and Distributor hereby agree to share marketing materials that are developed by either party forthe Products covered by this Agreement, including, without limitation, any information, marketing or promotional materials for the Products, where,upon request, such marketing materials shall be delivered to the other party in hard copy and digital form, if available. Upon receipt of suchmarketing materials, the party may, in its sole discretion, elect to reject, use or modify such marketing materials.7.2. Prior Approval of Product Claims. Distributor hereby agrees to obtain the prior written consent of Vendor prior to the use of any productclaims with respect to the Products in its marketing materials.7.3. Cost Sharing. With respect to cost-intensive promotional materials, such as video productions, infomercials and website development andmaintenance, Vendor and Distributor hereby agree to share equally in the cost and expenses related to the development and preparation of suchpromotional materials; provided, however, any and all expenditures related to the development and preparation of such promotional materials shallbe approved in advance by Vendor and Distributor.8.PRODUCT RETURNS8.1. Procedure. Distributor may return Products to Vendor for credit or full reimbursement, as the case may be, only pursuant to this Section 8.8.2 Updated Products. Distributor may return to Vendor for credit against future purchases any Products for which a new version or upgrade hasbeen produced and offered for sale; provided, however, the new version or upgrade must be of a material nature whereby the existing Products heldby Distributor are considered obsolete. All Products must be returned undamaged, and all shipping charges-7-shall be paid by Distributor. This clause does not apply to any Products that have been in Distributor’s inventory for more that one hundred andeighty (180) calendar days.8.3. Damaged Products. Promptly upon the receipt of a shipment of Products, Distributor shall inspect the Products for damage or shortage. Withinten (10) calendar days of receipt of the shipment, Distributor shall notify Vendor of any damage or shortage. As soon as commercially practical afterreceipt of notice, Vendor shall make complete any shipment in short supply. Any Products damaged in shipment shall be returned to Vendor alongwith documentation of the damage within thirty (30) calendar days of receipt by Distributor, and Vendor will reimburse Distributor for the costs offreight reasonably incurred by Distributor in returning the Products to Vendor. If Vendor finds any Products returned for damage to not be damaged,Distributor shall be subject to a restocking fee equal to fifteen percent (15%) original purchase price of the non-damaged Products.8.4. Defective Products. Distributor may, no later than one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days after a Product is sold by Distributor to acustomer, return to Vendor, at Distributor’s expense, any Product received by Distributor from Vendor during the 120-day period prior to suchreturn, which Distributor or its customer believes to be defective. In the event that such Product is defective, i.e., the failure of a Product to operatein accordance with its published specifications, Vendor shall: 8.4.1. Reimburse Distributor for the costs of freight reasonably incurred by Distributor in returning the Product to Vendor; and 8.4.2. Issue Distributor a credit against future purchases in an amount equal to the purchase price paid by Distributor for the Product or, asrequested by Distributor, full reimbursement for the defective Products.9.PRODUCT TESTING AND RESULTSWhereas Vendor has organized and received the results from product testing with respect to the Products, Vendor hereby agrees to make availableto Distributor the results of such product testing and grants to Distributor the right to use such results in its promotional materials; provided,however, Distributor may only use such results if Distributor complies with the applicable terms of use as provided by the institution, organizationor other person that organized and conducted the relevant product testing. Conversely, in the event that Distributor organizes and receives theresults from product testing with respect to the Products, Distributor hereby agrees to make available to Vendor the results of such product testingand grants to Vendor the right to use such results in its promotional materials.10.REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF VENDORVendor represents and warrants to Distributor as follows:10.1. Existence. Vendor is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada.10.2. Authorization; Binding Agreement. This Agreement constitutes valid and legally binding obligations of Vendor, enforceable in accordancewith its terms, except, in each case, as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or otherlaws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally in effect from time to time and by general principles of equity. Vendor hasfull corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement.-8-10.3. Product Warranty. Vendor warrants to Distributor that the Products shall perform without manufacturing failure and are fit for purpose.Distributor, in cooperation with Vendor will remedy any defect in the Product in accordance with Section 8.10.4. Spare Products and Parts. Vendor will provide an initial supply of spare Products and parts as Distributor may reasonably required inaccordance with Sections 8 and 10.3 to permit Distributor to offer a six-month warranty on the Products to customers and to enable Distributor toprovide a warranty service to customers. The initial spare Products and parts to be provided pursuant to this Section 10.4 shall be at no additionalcharge to the Distributor; provided, however, any additional Products and parts unrelated to this Section 10.4 shall be purchased by Distributor.10.5. Litigation. Other than as disclosed in Vendor’s filings made with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, including withoutlimitation the legal proceedings involving Shuffle Master, Inc., Vendor is not aware of any action, arbitration, suit, proceeding or investigationpending, or to the knowledge of Vendor, threatened against Vendor, that would have a material adverse effect on its ability to perform the terms ofthis Agreement.11.REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF DISTRIBUTORDistributor represents and warrants to Vendor as follows:11.1. Existence. Distributor is a company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of England.11.2. Authorization; Binding Agreement. This Agreement constitutes valid and legally binding obligations of Distributor, enforceable in accordancewith its terms, except, in each case, as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or otherlaws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally in effect from time to time and by general principles of equity. Distributorhas full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement.11.3. Litigation. Other than the legal proceedings involving Shuffle Master Inc, Distributor is not aware of any action, arbitration, suit, proceedingor investigation pending, or to the knowledge of Distributor, threatened against Distributor that would have a material adverse effect on its abilityto perform the terms of this Agreement.12.LIMITATION OF WARRANTIESVendor warrants that all Products are new and that, to its knowledge, all Vendor-supplied promotional materials comply in all respects with allapplicable laws, rules and regulations. Although Vendor intends to provide a six-month limited warranty to the end user, Distributor shall make nowarranties or representations with respect to the Products on behalf of Vendor. Distributor shall defend, indemnify and hold Vendor harmless fromany and all claims, damages, costs or expenses, including attorney fees, incurred by Vendor in relation to any violation by Distributor of theforegoing sentence.13.INDEMNIFICATIONSEach party shall indemnify and hold harmless the other party, its affiliated companies, and its employees, officers, directors, attorneys, and agentsand each of them, against any and all claims, liabilities, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and settlement amounts, that theforegoing, or any of them, may incur by reason of any material breach of this Agreement.-9-Vendor shall indemnify and hold harmless Distributor, its affiliated companies, and its employees, officers, directors, attorneys, and agents and eachof them, against any and all claims, liabilities, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and settlement amounts, incurred by anyclaims of product liability, or any claims arising from any actual or alleged infringement of any patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectualproperty right by a Product supplied by Vendor pursuant to this Agreement.Each party’s responsibilities under this Section 13 shall survive termination of this Agreement.14.COVENANT TO PROTECT CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION14.1. Definition. “Confidential Information” means any proprietary, non-public information relating to Vendor and the Products, including, withoutlimitation, any and all strategic or business plans, customer lists and information relating to customers, marketing plans and strategies, uniquesoftware and databases, lists of material providers of services and products, terms and provisions of existing contracts and agreements, details ofnegotiations with current partners and business associates, details of business opportunities or projects, information relating to financialstatements, employees, manufacturing and servicing methods, equipment, programs, strategies, analyses, profit margins, or other proprietary, non-public information used by Vendor; provided, however, that Confidential Information shall not include any information that: (1) was publicly knownand made generally available after disclosure by Vendor; (2) becomes publicly known and made generally available through no wrongful action orinaction of Distributor; (3) is already in the possession of Distributor at the time of disclosure, without confidentiality restrictions, as shown byDistributor’s file and records immediately prior to the time of disclosure; (4) is obtained by Distributor without breach of Distributor’s obligations ofconfidentiality; or (5) is independently developed by Distributor without use of or reference to the Confidential Information, as shown bydocuments and other competent evidence in Distributor’s possession.14.2. Non-Use and Non-Disclosure. Distributor shall not, during the Term or anytime thereafter, without the express prior written consent of Vendor,use, divulge, publish or otherwise disclose to any other person any Confidential Information regarding Vendor, except as provided for in thisAgreement or if required to do so pursuant to the order of a court having jurisdiction over the subject matter or a summons, subpoena or order inthe nature thereof of any legislative body (including any committee thereof and any litigation or dispute resolution method against Vendor relatedto or arising out of this Agreement) or any governmental or administrative agency. In the event that Distributor or its directors, officers, employees,consultants or agents are requested or required by legal process to disclose any of the Confidential Information, Distributor shall give promptnotice so that Vendor may seek a protective order or other appropriate relief. In the event that such protective order is not obtained, Distributorshall disclose only that portion of the Confidential Information which its counsel advises that it is legally required to disclose.14.3. Maintenance of Confidentiality. Distributor agrees that it shall take all commercially reasonable measures to protect the secrecy of and avoiddisclosure and unauthorized use of the Confidential Information. Without limiting the foregoing, Distributor shall take at least those measures thatit takes to protect its own most highly confidential information and shall ensure that its employees who have access to Confidential Informationhave signed a non-use and non-disclosure agreement in content similar to the provisions hereof, prior to any disclosure of Confidential Informationto such employees. Distributor shall not make any copies of the Confidential Information unless the same is previously approved in writing byVendor.-10-14.4. Return of Materials. All documents and other tangible objects containing or representing Confidential Information which have been disclosedby Vendor to Distributor, and all copies thereof which are in the possession of Distributor, shall be and remain the property of Vendor and shall bepromptly returned to Vendor upon Vendor’s written request.14.5. Non-Solicitation by Distributor. Distributor agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Vendor, for a period beginning from the dateof this Agreement and ending three (3) years after the termination of this Agreement, neither Distributor nor any of its affiliates or representativeswill: (1) employ or solicit to employ any of the employees of Vendor; or (2) encourage of the employees of the Vendor or its subsidiaries to leave theemployment of Vendor; provided, however, this Section shall not apply to any such employee who has been terminated by or left the employmentof Vendor prior to the Effective Date or, if employed by Vendor as of the Effective Date, any employee who has not been employed by Vendor for atleast one (1) year after the end of such employment.14.6. Non-Solicitation by Vendor. Vendor agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Distributor, for a period beginning from the date ofthis Agreement and ending three (3) years after the termination of this Agreement, neither Vendor nor any of its affiliates or representatives will: (1)employ or solicit to employ any of the employees of Distributor; or (2) encourage of the employees of the Distributor or its subsidiaries to leave theemployment of Distributor; provided, however, this Section shall not apply to any such employee who has been terminated by or left theemployment of Distributor prior to the Effective Date or, if employed by Distributor as of the Effective Date, any employee who has not beenemployed by Distributor for at least one (1) year after the end of such employment.14.7. Remedies. Each party agrees that any violation of this Section 14 may cause irreparable injury to the other party, entitling the other party toseek injunctive relief in addition to all legal remedies. Nothing herein contained is intended to waive or diminish any rights the other party may haveat law or in equity at any time to protect and defend its legitimate property interests (including its business relationship with third parties), theforegoing provisions being intended to be in addition to and not in derogation or limitation of any other rights the other party may have at law orequity.15.OUTSIDE EVENTS15.1. Delay or Non-Performance. No party shall be liable to the other for delay in performance, or the non-performance, of any of its obligationsunder this Agreement to the extent that such delay or non-performance is due to any cause beyond the party’s control, provided that: 15.1.1. the party affected shall forthwith notify the other parties thereof; and: 15.1.2. if the circumstances in question prevail for a continuous period in excess of two (2) calendar months, the parties shall enter into bonafide discussions with a view to alleviating the effects thereof or to agreeing upon such alternative arrangements as may be fair andreasonable in all the circumstances.15.2 Vendor Supply Limitation. Vendor shall not be responsible or liable for any loss, damage, detention or delay caused by fire, strike, civil ormilitary authority, governmental restrictions or controls, insurrection or riot, railroad, act of terrorism, marine or air embargoes, lockout, tempest,accident, breakdown of machinery, yield problems, delay in delivery of materials by other parties, or any cause which is unavoidable or beyond itsreasonable control, nor, in any event, for consequential damages.-11-16.LIMITATION OF LIABILITYNeither party shall be liable to the other for lost profits or indirect, special consequential or punitive damages of any kind arising in connection withthe manufacture, sale and distribution of the products, even if such party has been advised of the possibility of such damages.17.FURTHER ASSURANCESThe parties further covenant and agree to do, execute and deliver, or cause to be done, executed and delivered, and covenant and agree to use theirbest efforts to cause their successors and assigns to do, execute and deliver, or cause to be done, executed and delivered, all such further acts,transfers and assurances, for implementing the intention of the parties under this Agreement, as the parties reasonably shall request. The partiesagree to execute any additional instruments or agreements necessary to affect the intent of this Agreement.18.RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIESThis Agreement shall not create any joint venture or partnership between the parties. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall confer upon eitherparty any proprietary interest in, or subject a party to any liability for or in respect of the business, assets, profits, losses or obligations of the other.Nothing herein contained shall be read or construed so as to make the parties a partnership, nor shall anything contained herein be read orconstrued in any way to restrict the freedom of either party to conduct any business or activity whatsoever without any accountability to the otherparty. Neither party shall be considered to be an agent or representative of the other party or have any authority or power to act for or undertakeany obligation on behalf of the other party except as expressly authorized by the other party in writing. Any such unauthorized representation oraction shall be considered a breach of this Agreement.19.ENTIRE AGREEMENTThis Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties and supersedes any prior communications, representations or agreements ofany kind, whether oral or written; provided, however, notwithstanding this Agreement, that certain Distribution Agreement by and between Vendorand TCS Aces Pty Limited dated September 19, 2004 shall remain in full force and effect.20.COUNTERPARTSThis Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all suchcounterparts together shall constitute but one and the same instrument.21.MODIFICATIONThis Agreement may not be modified or rescinded except by express written agreement signed by both of the Parties.22.CONFLICTSIf any term included in an invoice, purchase order, packing slip, or bill of lading contradicts or is otherwise at odds with any provision of thisAgreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail.-12-23.JURISDICTIONDisputes under this Agreement shall be resolved through arbitration in Ontario, Canada by a single arbitrator to be appointed by agreement of theparties, or in default, by the President of the Law Society/Bar of Canada. The laws of Ontario, Canada shall govern the conduct of the arbitrationand any appeal from the decision of the arbitrator.24.WAIVERNeither the inspection by Distributor, nor any payment for or acceptance of all or any part of the Products specified in this Agreement, nor anyextension of time, nor any possession taken by Distributor or Distributor’s employees, shall operate as a waiver of any provision of thisAgreement, or any power in this Agreement reserved to Distributor, or any rights or damages provided for in this Agreement, nor shall any waiverof any breach in this Agreement be held to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach.25.ASSIGNMENT OR DELEGATIONNo assignment by either Party of any rights, including rights to money due or to become due under this Agreement, or delegation of any dutiesunder this Agreement or under any purchase orders subject to this Agreement, shall be binding on the nonassigning Party unless and until awritten consent has been obtained from the nonassigning Party.26.SEVERABILITYAny term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall be ineffective only to the extent of such invalidityor unenforceability and only as to such jurisdiction without rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of thisAgreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of any of these terms or provisions in any other jurisdiction.27.GOVERNING LAWThis Agreement shall be governed by, construed in accordance with the laws of Ontario, Canada.-13-28.NOTICESAny notice, request, instruction, or other document required by the terms of this Agreement, or deemed by any of the parties hereto to be desirable,to be given to any other party hereto shall be in writing and shall be given by personal delivery, overnight delivery, facsimile (with confirmation oftransmission) or mailed by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, with return receipt requested, to the addresses of the Parties as follows:If to Distributor:Technical Casino Supplies LtdUnit 9, Mulberry Business Centre,Quebec May, Rotherhithe, London, SE167LETelephone: _____-_____-_____Facsimile: _____-_____-_____Attn: _____________ With a copy to:___________________________________________________Telephone: _____-_____-_____Facsimile: _____-_____-_____Attn: ______________, Esq. If to Vendor:VendingData Corporation6830 Spencer StreetLas Vegas, Nevada 89119Telephone: 702.733.7195Facsimile: 702.733.7197Attn: Steven J. Blad, President and CEO With a copy to:Kummer Kaempfer Bonner Renshaw3800 Howard Hughes Parkway, Seventh FloorLas Vegas, Nevada 89109Telephone: 702.792.7000Facsimile: 702.796.7181Attn: Michael J. Bonner, Esq.-14-The persons and addresses set forth above may be changed from time to time by a notice sent as aforesaid. If notice is given by personal deliveryor overnight delivery in accordance with the provisions of this Section, said notice shall be conclusively deemed given at the time of such deliveryprovided a receipt is obtained from the recipient. If notice is given by mail in accordance with the provisions of this Section, such notice shall beconclusively deemed given upon receipt and delivery or refusal.The Parties acknowledge that they have read this Agreement, understand it, and agree to be bound by its terms. VENDOR: VENDINGDATA CORPORATION,a Nevada corporation By:/s/ Steven J. Blad Its:Steven J. BladCEO DISTRIBUTOR: TECHNICAL CASINO SUPPLIES LTD,an English company By:/s/ David K. Heap Its:David K. HeapChief Executive Officer-15-