Exhibit 10.5 STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT ----------------------------THIS STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made as of 31 December, --------- 1996, between NORTHERN TELECOM LIMITED, a Canadian corporation ("NTL"), and --- ENTRUST TECHNOLOGIES INC., a Maryland corporation ("ETI"). --- WHEREAS, pursuant to an asset transfer agreement between NTL and EntrustTechnologies Limited of even date (the "NTL Transfer Agreement") and an asset ---------------------- transfer agreement between Northern Telecom Inc. and ETI of even date, theEntrust Technology (as defined herein) has been transferred to ETI and ETIsCanadian subsidiary, Entrust Technologies Limited; andWHEREAS, NTL desires to license from Entrust on behalf of itself and the NortelSubsidiaries (as defined herein) ongoing rights to the Entrust Technology, ETIdesires to license from NTL on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries someintellectual property rights associated with the Entrust Technology, and NTL andETI desire to cooperate regarding contracting, patent cross-licensing and theexchange of information, all on the terms and subject to the conditions setforth herein;NOW THEREFORE, NTL and ETI, intending to be legally bound agree as follows: ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS -----------Capitalized terms used in this Agreement are used as defined in this Article Ior elsewhere in this Agreement. As used herein:"Agreement" has the meaning specified in the preamble hereof. --------- "Confidential Information" has the meaning specified in Section 8.02. ------------------------ "Entrust" shall mean ETI and all Subsidiaries thereof. ------- "Entrust Entity" shall mean either ETI or the applicable Entrust Subsidiary, as -------------- the context requires."ETI" has the meaning specified in the preamble hereof. --- "Effective Date" means the close of business on the date specified in the -------------- preamble hereof."Enterprise License" has the meaning specified in Section 3.01. ------------------ 1 "Entrust Patents" shall mean all Patents: (i) which are owned or controlled at --------------- any time during the Patent License Term by Entrust or any Entrust Subsidiary; or(ii) with respect to which, and to the extent to which, Entrust or any EntrustSubsidiary shall at any time during the Patent License Term have the right togrant the licenses and rights which are granted herein by Entrust. The EntrustPatents as of the Effective Date are set forth in Exhibit A of the NTL TransferAgreement."Entrust Products" has the meaning specified in the NTL Transfer Agreement. ---------------- "Entrust Technology" has the meaning specified in the NTL Transfer Agreement. ------------------ "Field of Activity" shall mean , in respect of each Party, the products and ----------------- services forming the business, at the Effective Date, of that Party or any ofits Subsidiaries, including new products and services which normally evolve fromsuch products and services."Grantee" shall mean either Entrust or Nortel, as the case may be, to which ------- licenses are granted under the Patent License."Grantor" shall mean the Party granting licenses under the Patent License, as ------- well as its Subsidiaries on behalf of which such licenses are granted."Licensed Products" shall mean, in respect of each Party, any products which are ----------------- within its Field of Activity."Licensed Services" shall mean, in respect of each Party, any services which are ----------------- within its Field of Activity."NTL" has the meaning specified in the preamble hereof. --- "NTL Technology" has the meaning specified in Section 2.01 hereof. -------------- "Nortel" shall mean NTL and all Nortel Subsidiaries. ------ "Nortel Entity" shall mean either NTL or the applicable Nortel Subsidiary, as ------------- the context requires."Nortel Patents" shall mean all Patents other than Patents included in NTL -------------- Technology: (i) which are owned or controlled at any time during the PatentLicense Term by Nortel or any Nortel Subsidiary; or (ii) with respect to which,and to the extent to which, Nortel or any Nortel Subsidiary shall at any timeduring the Patent License Term have the right to grant the licenses and rightswhich are herein granted by Nortel including through cross licenses orotherwise."Nortel Subsidiary" shall mean a Subsidiary of Nortel, excluding ETI and Entrust ----------------- Technologies Limited. 2 "Patent" shall mean any patent (other than a design patent or a design ------ registration) and any utility model covering any invention for which a firstapplication was filed in or for any country prior to the termination of thePatent License Term, and shall include any such application in or for a countryfor which rights under the law of the country are available for compensation forunauthorized use of the invention covered by such application."Party" shall mean either NTL or the ETI, as the context requires except with ----- respect to Article VIII where "Party" shall refer either to Nortel or Entrust,as the context requires."Patent License" has the meaning specified in Section 6.03. -------------- "Patent License Term" shall mean that period of time that ETI is a Subsidiary of ------------------- NTL."Reseller Agreement" has the meaning specified in Section 4.01. ------------------ "Source Code License" has the meaning specified in Section 5.01. ------------------- "Subsidiary" shall mean: (i) a corporation, company or other entity, in which a ---------- Party now or hereafter, owns or controls, directly or indirectly, fifty percent(50%) or more of the outstanding shares or securities (representing the right tovote for the election of directors or other managing authority), provided,however, that such corporation, company, or other entity shall be deemed to be aSubsidiary only so long as such ownership or control exists; or (ii) an entitywhich does not have outstanding shares or securities, as may be the case in apartnership, joint venture or unincorporated association, but in which a Partynow or hereafter, owns or controls, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%)or more of the ownership interest representing the right to make the decisionsfor such entity, provided, however, that such entity shall be deemed to be aSubsidiary only so long as such ownership or control exists. ARTICLE II NTL TECHNOLOGY -------------- Section 2.01 NTL Technology. Entrust shall be entitled to the benefit of the NTL -------------- intellectual property licenses specified in Exhibit A (the "NTL Technology") for -------------- so long as NTL effectively owns or controls more than fifty percent (50%) of thevoting stock or interests in ETI.Section 2.02. NTL Obligations. NTL has, to the best of its knowledge, complied ---------------- in all material respects with the provisions of the licenses for NTL Technology.NTL 3 shall make all reasonable efforts to perform in all material respects theobligations required to maintain the licenses for the NTL Technology in goodstanding for their respective terms. NTL shall not make any material change tothe licenses for Nortel Technology without the consent of ETI, which shall notbe unreasonably withheld. NTL shall make commercially reasonable efforts toacquire for the benefit of Entrust any renewal or extension of NTL a license forNortel Technology at Entrusts request provided Entrust agrees to pay all costsassociated with obtaining such benefit for Entrust. If NTL renews or extends alicense for NTL Technology, NTL may, but shall not be required to obtain rightsthereunder for the renewal period or extension provisions for the benefit ofEntrust.Section 2.03. ETI Obligations. Entrust shall comply in all material respects ---------------- with the obligations required of it under the licenses for the NTL Technologyfor so long as Entrust benefits from those licenses. ETI shall pay to NTL theportion of all fees and charges paid by Nortel to obtain continuing rights tothe NTL Technology that are reasonably attributable to Entrusts actual use ofthe NTL Technology. ARTICLE III NORTEL USE OF ENTRUST PRODUCTS ------------------------------Section 3.01 Right to Use. ETI, on behalf of Entrust, grants to NTL and its ------------ Affiliates (as defined in the Enterprise License) a non-exclusive, fully paid-up, worldwide, perpetual license to use an unlimited number of copies of theEntrust Products subject to the terms and conditions of an agreement to beconcluded between NTL and ETI promptly after the Effective Date in substantiallythe form of the license set forth in Exhibit B (the "Enterprise License") save ------------------ as amended to comply with the provisions of this Article III. NTL represents asof the Effective Date that the terms of the Enterprise License are materiallysimilar to the terms of an existing agreement with a third-party licensee of theEntrust Products, except for the terms relating to price and the provisions ofSection 3.02 hereofSection 3.02 Support. NTL may contract for support services under the ------- Enterprise License. Payments to Entrust for the support services identified inthe Enterprise License as of the Effective Date shall be three hundred thousandU.S. dollars (U.S. 300,000.00) for the calendar year 1997 and shall notincrease by more than inflation as measured by the Canadian CPI for any one-yearrenewal period.Section 3.03 Indemnification. Notwithstanding any provision of the Enterprise ----------------- License:(a) ETI shall not be required to honour any product warranty or intellectual property indemnity set forth in the Enterprise License, to the extent that such breach of warranty or indemnity relates to a defect in any of the Entrust Products as of the Effective Date or the infringement or misappropriation of any third party rights as incorporated into the Entrust Products as of the Effective Date. 4 (b) ETIs liability to Nortel arising from or relating to the intellectual property indemnity set forth in the Enterprise License shall not exceed 50% (fifty percent) of the monies paid by Nortel thereunder to a maximum of U.S.1,000,000 (one million U.S. dollars). ARTICLE IV NORTEL RESALE OF ENTRUST PRODUCTS ---------------------------------Section 4.01 Reseller Rights. At NTLs option and upon NTLs request, Entrust --------------- shall promptly enter into a non-exclusive reseller agreement with NTL, on behalfof Nortel, in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit C (the "Reseller --------Agreement") save as amended to comply with the provisions of this Article IV.- --------- NTL represents as of the Effective Date that the terms of the Reseller Agreementare materially similar to the terms of an agreement recently concluded with athird-party reseller of the Entrust Products, except for the provisions ofSection 4.02 hereof. Subject to early termination for material default, suchReseller Agreement shall expire either in three years or when ETI ceases to be aSubsidiary of NTL, whichever event occurs later.Section 4.02 Most Favoured Treatment. During the life of the Reseller Agreement, ----------------------- it is the intention of ETI that the terms of the Reseller Agreement shall be noless favourable to Nortel than the terms in effect with any of Entrustsresellers of Entrust Products at the time the Reseller Agreement is executed.Section 4.03 Indemnification. Notwithstanding any provision of the Reseller ---------------- Agreement, ETI shall not be required to honour intellectual property indemnityset forth in the Reseller Agreement, to the extent that such breach ofrepresentation, warranty, condition or indemnity relates to a defect in any ofthe Entrust Products as of the Effective Date or the infringement ormisappropriation of any third party rights incorporated into the EntrustProducts as of the Effective Date. ARTICLE V NORTEL RIGHTS FOR ENTRUST PRODUCT SOURCE CODE ---------------------------------------------Section 5.01 Source Code Access. At NTLs option and upon NTLs request, Entrust ------------------ shall promptly enter into a non-exclusive Entrust Products source code licensewith NTL, on behalf of Nortel, in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit D(the "Source Code License"). NTL represents as of the Effective Date that the ------------------- terms of the Source Code License are materially similar to the terms of anagreement recently concluded with a third-party licensee of the source code forthe Entrust Products, except that NTL is not required to pay any lump sumroyalty and for the provisions of Section 5.02 hereof. 5 Section 5.02 Most Favoured Treatment. For so long as ETI remains a Subsidiary ----------------------- of NTL, it is the intention of ETI that the terms of the Source Code License beno less favourable to Nortel than the terms then in effect with any of Entrustssource code licensees that receives substantially similar rights taking intoaccount the relative size of the licensee and Entrusts potential benefits.Section 5.03 Indemnification. Notwithstanding any provision of the Source Code ----------------- License, ETI shall not be required to honour any product warranty orintellectual property indemnity set forth in the Source Code License, to theextent that such breach of warranty or indemnity relates to a defect in any ofthe Entrust Products as of the Effective Date or the infringement ormisappropriation of any third party rights incorporated into the EntrustProducts as of the Effective Date. ARTICLE VI PATENT CROSS LICENSING ----------------------Section 6.01. ETI Benefit from Cross Licenses. Subject to the terms and -------------------------------- conditions of this Agreement, NTL, to the extent of its legal right to do so,hereby grants to Entrust under the Nortel Patents, a non-transferable, non-assignable, indivisible, non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license forLicensed Products and Licensed Services.Section 6.02. Nortel Benefit from Cross Licenses. Subject to the terms and ----------------------------------- conditions of this Agreement, Entrust, to the extent of its legal right to doso, hereby grants to Nortel, under the Entrust Patents, an irrevocable, non-transferable, non-assignable, indivisible, non-exclusive, royalty-free,worldwide license for Licensed Products and Licensed Services.Section 6.03. Extent of Cross Licenses. The licenses granted pursuant to ------------------------- Sections 6.01 and 6.02 (each such license being a "Patent License") include the -------------- following rights:(a) to make, use, lease, sell or otherwise dispose of, maintain and repair, Licensed Products, to license the use of Licensed Products made by or for Grantee, to practice any process involved in the manufacture or use of Licensed Products, and to provide Licensed Services;(b) to have made Licensed Products by another manufacturer for the use, lease, sale, disposal or transfer by Grantee, but only when both of the following conditions are met: (i) the designs, specifications and working drawings for the manufacture of such Licensed Products are furnished by Grantee; and (ii) such designs, specifications and working drawings are in sufficient detail that no additional design by the manufacturer is required other than adaptation to the production processes and standards normally used by the manufacturer which change the characteristics of the products only to a negligible extent; 6 (c) to make and have made, to use and have used, and to maintain machines, tools, materials and other manufacturing instrumentalities, and to use and have used methods and processes, insofar as such machines, tools, materials, other manufacturing instrumentalities, methods and processes are involved in or incidental to the development, manufacture, installation, testing, maintenance or repair of Licensed Products, or to the training of personnel in the use of such Licensed Products; provided, however, that the rights granted in this Section 6.03(c) shall not serve to enlarge the scope of the rights granted in Section 6.03(b);Section 6.04. Limitations to Patent Licenses. Nothing contained in a Patent -------------------------------- License shall be construed as: (a) requiring the filing of any application for a Patent or utility model,or the prosecution, maintenance or defense of any such application; (b) the maintenance or defense of any Patent; (c) a warranty or representation by Grantor, or admission by Grantee, as tothe validity or scope of any Patent; (d) a warranty or representation that any manufacture, sale, lease, use, orimportation of a Licensed Product, or the provision of any Licensed Service, byGrantee shall be free from infringement of any intellectual property right ofGrantor other than those Patents under which and to the extent to which licensesare in force under the Patent License; (e) an agreement to bring or prosecute actions or suits against thirdparties for infringement; (f) an obligation to provide any manufacturing or technical information orany support or technical assistance; (g) conferring any right to use, in advertising, publicity or otherwise, anyname, trade name or trademark, or any contraction, abbreviation or simulationthereof, except as expressly provided herein; (h) conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise upon Grantee anylicense or other right under any Patent or other intellectual property right,except the licenses and rights expressly granted herein; or 7 (i) an obligation upon grantor to make any determination as to theapplicability of any Patent to any product, Licensed Product or Licensed Serviceof Grantee.Section 6.06 NTL Right to Cross-License. The licenses granted hereunder do not --------------------------- include for the Grantee the right to grant sublicenses to any third party exceptas expressly provide in Section 6.03. Notwithstanding the foregoing, NTL shallbe entitled to sublicense the Entrust Patents to meet its obligations under itsexisting Patent cross license agreements. For so long as ETI is an NTLSubsidiary, NTL shall also be entitled, as part of its continuing Patent crosslicensing program, to sublicense Entrust Patents under new Patent cross licenseagreements provided that the rights granted in the Entrust Patents pursuant toany such new Patent cross license agreements do not materially exceed thoserights customarily granted under NTLs existing Patent cross license agreements(as of the Effective Date) and ETI obtains the benefit of all Nortel Patentsinvolved.Section 6.07. Excluded Patents. -----------------(a) Assigned Patents. It is recognized that Grantor may have entered into or ----------------- may hereafter enter into a contract with, or a subcontract directly for the benefit of, a third party to undertake development work partially or completely financed by such third party and that Grantor may be required under such contract or subcontract (either unconditionally or by reason of any action or inaction thereunder) to assign to such third party its rights to grant, or may now or hereafter be restrained by such third party from granting, licenses to Grantee under Patents arising out of such work or covered by such contract or subcontract. The resulting inability of Grantor to grant the licenses purported to be granted by it under such Patents shall not be considered to be a breach of the Patent License. In such case, upon request by the Grantee, Grantor shall make reasonable efforts to secure rights and licenses for the Grantee from the third-party equivalent to those provided in the Patent License.(b) Patents Subject to Exclusive Licenses. ETI acknowledges that NTL may have -------------------------------------- entered into exclusive license arrangements with other corporations or legal entities. The Patent License granted hereunder by NTL does not extend the scope of any such exclusive licenses (including any which NTL is negotiating as of the Effective Date).Section 6.08. Jointly Owned Patents. If the grant by Grantor of licenses and ---------------------- rights in accordance with the Patent License in respect of Patents made by itsemployees jointly with third parties is subject by contract or by operation oflaw to the consent of such third parties or their assignees, upon request of theGrantee, Grantor shall use reasonable efforts to either secure rights andlicenses for the Grantee from such third-party equivalent to those provided in 8 the Patent License, or obtain consent from such third parties to grant rightsand licenses equivalent to those provided in the Patent License; however, theinability of Grantor to secure such rights or to obtain such consent in spite ofthe use of reasonable efforts shall not be considered to be a breach of thePatent License. Notwithstanding that such rights or such consent may be subjectto the payment of a royalty or other consideration to any such third party asprovided for in Section 6.09, and notwithstanding other conditions agreed withthe third party, the grant of such licenses and rights shall otherwise be inaccordance with the terms and conditions of the Patent License.Section 6.09. Royalty Obligations. Licenses and rights, the grant of which by -------------------- Grantor or the exercise of which by Grantee would make Grantor liable to thirdparties for royalties or other payments, shall be granted only upon agreement inwriting of the Grantee to pay an appropriate portion of such royalties or makesuch other payments.Section 6.10. Patent Information. Each Party shall, upon written request from ------------------- the other Party sufficiently identifying any Patent by country, number and dateof issuance, inform such other Party of the extent to which any such Patent isavailable for licensing under the Patent License. If the license or rightsunder any such Patent are restricted in scope, or are subject to paymentsaccording to Section 6.09, a statement of the nature of any such restrictions orpayments shall, on request, be provided within a reasonable time.Section 6.11. Duration of Cross Licenses. ---------------------------(a) The Patent License shall commence on the Effective Date hereof (except as provided in Section 6.12) and shall continue for the Patent License Term unless terminated as provided in Article X or Section 6.06. Notwithstanding the expiration of the Patent License Term, the rights and licenses granted hereunder shall continue for the entire terms that the Entrust Patents or the NTL Patents, as the case may be, are in force or for that part of such terms for which the Grantor has the right to grant such rights and licenses. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, the Patent License shall terminate immediately upon ETI ceasing to be a Subsidiary of NTL.(b) Subject to the other sections of this Article VI, any termination of the licenses and rights granted to one Party and its Subsidiaries under the Patent License shall not affect the licenses and rights granted to the other Party and its Subsidiaries.(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6.11, the Patent Licenses shall, for the patents owned or by a party, terminate as provided for in Section 6.11(a) or ten years from the Effective Date, whichever is later. 9 Section 6.12. Changes to Subsidiaries. ------------------------(a) New Subsidiaries. Any rights or license granted under this Article VI to a ----------------- corporation or other legal entity which becomes a Subsidiary of a Party at a date later than the Effective Date shall become effective as of the date upon which such corporation or other legal entity becomes a Subsidiary of such Party.(b) Former Subsidiary. When a Subsidiary of either ETI or NTL ceases to be a ------------------ Subsidiary and holds any Patent under which a Grantee is licensed pursuant to the Patent License, such Grantee shall be entitled to exercise such rights and licenses for the full term of the Patent (or for that part of the term that the Grantor has the right to grant such rights and licenses). When a Subsidiary of ETI or NTL ceases to be a Subsidiary of such Party, any license granted to such Subsidiary in or pursuant to the Patent License shall terminate on the date that such Subsidiary ceases to be a Subsidiary.Section 6.12. Restraint on Claims. Each Grantor undertakes not to assert any -------------------- claim for Patent infringement with respect to use and maintenance of LicensedProducts against any end user, customer or distributor of Grantee, or anysubsequent vendee, lessee, or transferee to the extent the Licensed Productshave been acquired from Grantee after the Effective Date and are used for thepurpose for which they predominantly have been made (without modification oramendment).Section 6.13. Patent License Limitations. Neither Party makes any -------------------------- representations, extends any conditions or warranties of any kind or assumes anyresponsibility whatever with respect to the Patent Licenses other than thelicenses, rights and representations expressly granted in this Article VI; inparticular, unless the Parties or their Subsidiaries have expressly agreedotherwise, neither Grantor warrants that Licensed Products made, used, sold,disposed of, leased or licensed for use by Grantee, or Licensed Servicesprovided by Grantee, do not infringe Patents or other intellectual propertyrights of third parties. ARTICLE VII COORDINATION OF CONTRACTING ---------------------------Section 7.01 Compliance with Nortel Policies. For so long as ETI remains a -------------------------------- Subsidiary of NTL, Entrust shall not take any action or enter into anycommitment or agreement which may reasonably be anticipated based on notice fromNortel to result, with or without notice and with or without lapse of time orotherwise, in a contravention or event of default by any Nortel Entity of (i)any provisions of applicable law or regulation, (ii) any provision of NTLscertificate of incorporation or bylaws, (iii) any credit agreement or othermaterial instrument binding upon Nortel, or (iv) any judgment, order or decreeof any governmental body, agency or court having jurisdiction over Nortel or anyof its assets. 10 Section 7.02. Nortel Global Agreements. For so long as ETI remains a Subsidiary ------------------------ of NTL, Entrust may purchase goods and services under agreements concluded byNortel for the benefit of Subsidiaries of NTL. Entrust shall comply in allmaterial respects with the obligations required of it under such agreements forso long as Entrust benefits from those agreements. ARTICLE VIII INFORMATION EXCHANGES ---------------------Section 8.01. Information. Subject to applicable law and privileges, each Party ----------- shall, to the extent legally permitted, provide the other Party with allinformation regarding itself and transactions under this Agreement that theother Party reasonably believes are required: (a) for the other Party to obtainthe benefits provided for herein, and (b) to comply with the provisions ofSection 7.01 and all applicable federal, state, county and local laws,ordinances, regulations and codes, including, but not limited to, securitieslaws and regulations.Section 8.02. Confidential Information. Entrust and Nortel shall hold in trust ------------------------ and maintain confidential all Confidential Information relating to the otherParty. "Confidential Information" shall mean all information disclosed by either ------------------------ Party to the other in connection with this Agreement whether orally, visually,in writing or in any other tangible form, and includes, but is not limited to,technical, scientific, economic and business data, business plans, and the like,but shall not include (i) information which becomes generally available otherthan by release in violation of the provisions of this Section 8.01, (ii)information which becomes available on a non-confidential basis to a Party froma source other than the other Party, provided the Party in question reasonablybelieves that such source is not or was not bound to hold such informationconfidential, (iii) information acquired or developed independently by a Partywithout violating this Section 8.02 or any other confidentiality agreement withthe other Party and (iv) information that any Party reasonably believes it isrequired to disclose by law, provided that it first notifies the other Party ofsuch requirement and allows such Party a reasonable opportunity to seek aprotective order or other appropriate remedy to prevent such disclosure. Withoutprejudice to the rights and remedies of either Party, a Party disclosing anyConfidential Information to the other Party in accordance with the provisions ofthis Agreement shall be entitled to equitable relief by way of an injunction ifthe other Party breaches or threatens to breach any provision of this Section8.02.Section 8.03. Information Exchanges. The disclosing Party makes no ---------------------- representations, does not warrant, and shall have no liability whatsoever inrespect of any information disclosed by it pursuant to this Agreement. 11 ARTICLE IX OTHER COOPERATION -----------------Section 9.01. Cogent. NTL acknowledges that the agreement between NTL and -------- Nortel Limited dated 17 March 1995 as set forth in Exhibit E (the "CogentAgreement") shall be terminated by NTL, without liability to Entrust, exceptthat Entrust shall, for reasonable consideration from Nortel, make allcommercially reasonable efforts to assist Nortel to perform, in accordance withthe terms of the Cogent Agreement, any agreement made or any bid submittedpursuant to the Cogent Agreement prior to the Effective Date.Section 9.02. PDSO. Entrust acknowledges that NTL will be holding inventory of ----- PDSO as of the Effective Date. Entrust shall, to the extent it requires furtherPDSO equipment endeavor to acquire such equipment from NTL, subject to thenegotiation in good faith of commercially reasonable terms and condition ofsupply. ARTICLE X TERM AND TERMINATION --------------------Section 10.01. Term. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this ---- Agreement shall terminate on the later of (i) the third anniversary of theEffective Date or (ii) the date on which ETI ceases to be a Subsidiary of NTL.Section 10.02. Termination. ----------- (a) Termination for Cause. In the event of any material breach of this ---------------------- Agreement by either Nortel or Entrust, the non-breaching Party may terminate this Agreement by giving sixty (60) days prior written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that this Agreement shall not terminate if the other Party has cured the breach prior to the expiration of such 60-day period, or if such breach can not be cured within such sixty 60-day period, the other Party has initiated actions to cure such breach within such sixty 60-day period, and thereafter cures such breach as soon as reasonably practical.(b) Termination for Insolvency. Either Party may terminate this Agreement in -------------------------- the event the other Party: (i) admits in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due; (ii) commits an act of bankruptcy, (iii) files a notice of intention to make a proposal under the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act, commences proceedings under the Companies Creditors Arrangement Act, or otherwise seeks a reorganization, adjustment or composition under applicable bankruptcy laws or any other similar law or statute of any relevant jurisdiction; (iv) enters into an assignment, arrangement or composition for the benefit of its creditors; or (v) consents to the appointment of a receiver or receiver-manger of itself or of the whole or any substantial part of its property. 12 Section 10.03. Effect of Termination. --------------------- When this Agreement expires or terminates, the following provisions shall remainin effect:(a) NTL Technology. the provisions of Article II shall survive until they --------------- expires in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.01 unless this Agreement is terminated for cause pursuant to Section 10.02 arising from breach of Article II;(b) Enterprise License, Reseller Agreement and Source Code License. the --------------------------------------------------------------- Enterprise License, Reseller Agreement and Source Code License shall survive for the term provided therein subject to any right of early termination provided therein;(c) Patent Licenses. the provisions of Article VI shall survive until ---------------- expiration in accordance with the provisions of Article VI, unless this Agreement is terminated for cause pursuant to Section 10.02 arising from breach of Article VI; and(d) Other Provisions. the provisions of Articles VIII, XI and XII shall ----------------- survive any termination. ARTICLE XI LIMITS OF LIABILITY -------------------Section 11.01. Enterprise License, Reseller Agreement, Source Code License. The ------------------------------------------------------------ liability of either Party arising from breach of either the Enterprise License,the Reseller Agreement or the Source Code License shall be governed exclusivelyby the terms of the applicable agreement or license.Section 11.02. No Other Obligations. Neither Party makes any representations, -------------------- extends any conditions or warranties of any kind or assumes any responsibilitywhatever except as expressly provided herein.Section 11.03. Limitation on Types of Damages. Except for breach of Article ------------------------------- VIII and for Article XII, in no event shall either Party be liable to the otherParty for any indirect, incidental and/or consequential damages resulting from abreach of this agreement, including without limitation lost business, lostsavings, and lost profits even if the breaching Party has been advised of thepossibility of the occurrence of such damages. In no event shall either Partybe liable for any special or punitive damages arising from breach of thisAgreement.Section 11.04. Monetary Limit. For any cause of action arising under this --------------- Agreement, Nortels liability to Entrust, and Entrusts liability to Nortelshall not exceed U.S.5,000,000. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each ofNortels and Entrusts liability to the other Party for breach of Article IIshall not exceed U.S.10,000,000. 13 ARTICLE XII MISCELLANEOUS -------------Section 12.01. Notices. All notices authorized or required to be given pursuant ------- to this Agreement shall be given in writing and either personally delivered tothe Party to whom it is given or delivered by an established delivery service bywhich receipts are given or mailed by registered or certified mail, postageprepaid, or sent by electronic telecopier, addressed to the Party at thefollowing addresses. Any Party may change its address for the receipt ofnotices at any time by giving notice thereof to the other Party, in which eventthis Agreement shall be amended accordingly.(a) If to NTL: Northern Telecom Limited 8200 Dixie Road, Suite 100 Brampton, Ontario L6T 5P6 Attention: Corporate Secretary Fax No.: 905 863 8425(b) If to ETI: Entrust Technologies Inc. 2 Constellation Court Nepean, Ontario K2G 5J9 Attention: President copy: SecretarySection 12.02. Entire Agreement. This Agreement embodies the complete Agreement ------ --------- and understanding of Entrust and NTL with respect to the subject matter hereof.This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings among theParties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.Section 12.03. Modification. No change or modification of this Agreement shall ------------- be of any force unless such change or modification is in writing and has beensigned by the duly authorized representatives of the Parties hereto.Section 12.04. Waivers. No waiver of any breach of any of the terms of this -------- Agreement shall be effective unless such waiver is in writing and signed by theParty against which such waiver is claimed. No waiver of any breach shall bedeemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach. 14 Section 12.05. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to ------------ be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceabilityof the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impairedthereby.Section 12.06. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and be --------- ---- construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada.Section 12.07. Waiver of Jury Trial. THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ------ -- ---- ----- ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF ORRELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.Section 12.08. Limitation on Rights of Others. No person other than a Party ---------- -- ------ -- ------- shall have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect ofthis Agreement.Section 12.09. Assignment, etc. Each Partys rights under this Agreement are ---------------- personal to that Party and that Party shall not assign, sublet or otherwisetransfer any right or interest under this Agreement to anyone, without the priorwritten consent of the other Party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld.Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shallbe binding upon and inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Partieshereto and their respective heirs, administrators, executors, successors, andpermitted assigns.IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be signed by theirauthorized representatives.NORTHERN TELECOM LIMITED ENTRUST TECHNOLOGIES INC. By: /s/ Peter W. Currie By: /s/ John A. Ryan Name: Peter W. Currie Name: John A. Ryan Title: Senior Vice President and Title: President Chief Financial OfficerBy: /s/ David D. ArchibaldName: David D. ArchibaldTitle: Vice President and Deputy General Counsel 15