Exhibit 10.2EXECUTION COPYText Omitted and Filed Separately with the Securities and Exchange CommissionConfidential Treatment Requested Under17 C.F.R. Sections 200.80(b)(4) and 240.24b-2Collaboration AgreementThis Agreement is entered into with effect as of the Effective Date (as defined below)by and betweenF. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltdwith an office and place of business at Grenzacherstrasse 124, 4070 Basel, Switzerland (“Roche Basel”) andHoffmann-La Roche Inc.with an office and place of business at 150 Clove Road, Suite 8, Little Falls, New Jersey 07424, U.S.A. (“Roche US”; Roche Basel and Roche UStogether referred to as “Roche”) on the one handandFoundation Medicine, Inc.with an office and place of business at 150 Second Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02141 (“FMI”)on the other hand.Table of Contents 1.Definitions 7 1.1Affiliate 7 1.2Agreement 7 1.3Agreement Term 7 1.4[......] ctDNA [......] 7 1.5Applicable Law 7 1.6Approved Assay 7 1.7Background IP 7 1.8Business Day 8 1.9Calendar Half 8 1.10Calendar Quarter 8 1.11Calendar Year 8 1.12CDx 8 1.13CDx Development Program 8 1.14CLIA 8 1.15Clinical Study 9 1.16Commercially Reasonable Efforts 9 1.17Confidential Information 9 1.18Control 9 1.19Cover 10 1.20ctDNA 10 1.21ctDNA Assay 10 1.22ctDNA Platform 10 1.23ctDNA Platform Development Program 10 1.24ctDNA Working Group 10 1.25Data Security Breach 10 1.26Effective Date 10 1.27Excepted Activities 11 1.28Excluded Patent Rights 11 1.29FDA 11 1.30FDCA 11 1.31FMI Background IP Patent Rights 11 1.32FMI Decisions 11 1.33FMI Development Costs 11 1.34FMI Know-How 11 1.35FMI Foreground Patent Rights 12 1.36FTE 12 1.37FTE Rate 12 1.38Handle 12 1.39HSR 12 1.40Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program 12 1.41Immuno-Platform Working Group 12 1.42Initiation 12 1.43Insolvency Event 12 1.44Invention 13 1.45IUO 13 1.46JMC 13 1.47JOC 13 1.48Joint Know-How 13 1.49Joint Patent Rights 13 Confidential Treatment Requested- 2 -1.50JOT 13 1.51JRDC 13 1.52Know-How 13 1.53Molecular Information Platform Program 13 1.54Molecular Information Platform Working Group 14 1.55Party 14 1.56Patent Rights 14 1.57Performance Specifications 14 1.58Personal Data 14 1.59Phase I Study 14 1.60Phase II Study 14 1.61Phase III Study 14 1.62PMA 15 1.63Quality Standards 15 1.64RD Plan 15 1.65Regulatory Approval 15 1.66Regulatory Authority 15 1.67Roche Background IP Patent Rights 15 1.68Roche Group 15 1.69Roche Know-How 15 1.70Roche Foreground Patent Rights 15 1.71ROW Territory 15 1.72RUO 15 1.73Study Data 16 1.74Sublicensee 16 1.75Territory 16 1.76Third Party 16 1.77US 16 1.78US 16 1.79Work Stream 16 1.80Additional Definitions 16 2.Grant of License 18 2.1Licenses 18 2.2Sublicense 20 2.3Right to Subcontract 20 3.Research and Development Collaboration 20 3.1Molecular Information Platform Program 20 3.2Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program 23 3.3ctDNA Platform Development Program 25 3.4CDx Development Program 27 3.5Samples, Handling and Disposal 29 3.6Records; Reports; Audits 30 4.Diligence 31 5.Most Favored Customer 31 6.Governance 31 6.1Joint Management Committee 31 6.2JRDC 33 6.3JOC 34 6.4Alliance Director 34 6.5Limitations of Authority 34 6.6Expenses 35 6.7Lifetime 35 - 3 -7.Regulatory 35 8.Payment 35 8.1FTE Funding 35 8.2Molecular Information Platform Program Fees 35 8.3Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Budget and Fees 36 8.4ctDNA Platform Financial Terms 37 8.5CDx Development Financial Terms 38 8.6General Terms 38 8.7Disclosure of Payments 39 9.Accounting and reporting 39 9.1Timing of Payments 39 9.2Late Payment 39 9.3Method of Payment 39 10.Taxes 39 11.Auditing 40 11.1Right to Audit 40 11.2Audit Reports 41 11.3Over or Underpayment 41 11.4Duration of Audit Rights 41 12.Intellectual Property 41 12.1Ownership of Inventions, data and results 41 12.2German Statute on Employee’s Inventions 43 12.3Prosecution and Maintenance of Patent Rights Claiming FMI Inventions 43 12.4Prosecution and Maintenance of Roche Foreground Patent Rights and Joint Patent Rights 44 12.5Joint Patent Team 44 12.6CREATE Act 44 12.7Infringement 44 12.8Defense 46 12.9Common Interest Disclosures 46 13.Representations and Warranties 47 13.1Mutual Representations and Warranties 47 13.2Activities 48 13.3Safety Data 48 13.4Third Party Patent Rights 48 13.5Inventors 48 13.6Grants 48 13.7Ownership and Validity of Know-How 48 13.8Data Protection (Privacy) and Security 48 13.9No Other Representations 50 14.Indemnification 50 14.1Indemnification by Roche 50 14.2Indemnification by FMI 51 14.3Procedure 51 15.Liability 51 16.Obligation Not to Disclose Confidential Information 51 16.1Non-Use and Non-Disclosure 51 16.2Permitted Disclosuresbsp;52 16.3Press Releases 52 16.4Publications 52 16.5Commercial Considerations 53 - 4 -17.Term and Termination 53 17.1Commencement and Term 53 17.2Termination 53 17.2.1Termination for Breach 53 17.2.2Insolvency 53 17.2.3Termination by Roche without Cause 54 17.2.4Termination by Roche for Frustration of Purpose 54 17.3Consequences of Termination 54 17.3.1Termination in General 54 17.3.2Termination by FMI for Breach by Roche or Roche’s Insolvency; Termination by Roche Without Cause or for Frustration ofPurpose 54 17.3.3Termination by Roche for Breach by FMI or FMI Insolvency 56 17.3.4Direct License 57 17.4Other Obligations 57 17.5Survival 57 18.Bankruptcy 57 19.Miscellaneous 58 19.1Governing Law 58 19.2Disputes 58 19.3Arbitration 58 19.4Assignment 59 19.5Debarment and Exclusion 59 19.6Independent Contractor 60 19.7Unenforceable Provisions and Severability 60 19.8Waiver 60 19.9Appendices 60 19.10Entire Understanding 61 19.11Amendments 61 19.12Invoices 61 19.13Notice 61 - 5 -Collaboration AgreementWHEREAS, FMI has or is developing platforms for use in genomic testing, including development of a molecular information platform, animmunotherapy testing platform, a circulating tumor DNA platform, and a companion diagnostics platform; andWHEREAS, Roche has expertise in the research, development, manufacture and commercialization of pharmaceutical and diagnostic products,including development of an immunotherapy platform; andWHEREAS, Roche and FMI want to collaborate on the development of platforms for use in molecular information, immunotherapy, circulatingtumor DNA, companion diagnostics, and in vitro diagnostic tests and kits; and WHEREAS, Roche Holdings, Inc., an Affiliate of Roche, and FMI are concurrently herewith entering into a Transaction Agreement dated as of thedate hereof (as it may be amended from time to time, the “Transaction Agreement”) which provides, among other things, for Roche to acquire amajority ownership of FMI upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Transaction Agreement; and WHEREAS, in connection therewith, and as an inducement to Roche’s and FMI’s willingness to enter into the Transaction Agreement and toconsummate the transactions contemplated thereby, FMI and Roche agree that Roche will work with FMI in the United States to educate relevantpersons on next generation sequencing and/or comprehensive genomic profiling technology (“US Education Collaboration Agreement”), Rocheand FMI will collaborate on the commercialization of certain FMI products outside of the United States (“Ex-US Commercialization Agreement”),and Roche and FMI may collaborate on development and commercialization of decentralized in vitro diagnostic (“IVD”) versions of FMI testsgenerated by FMI (“IVD Collaboration”), the above mentioned agreements, including the Transaction Agreement, being referred to collectively asthe “Related Agreements”; and WHEREAS, FMI and Roche intend that assays and other products generated under this Agreement will be commercialized in accordance with theEx-US Commercialization Agreement and that the governance structure under this Agreement will apply to the US Education CollaborationAgreement and the Ex-US Commercialization Agreement. - 6 -NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises contained in this Agreement and other good and valuableconsideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, do hereby agree asfollows: 1.DefinitionsAs used in this Agreement, the following terms, whether used in the singular or plural, shall have the following meanings: 1.1AffiliateThe term “Affiliate” shall mean any individual, corporation, association or other business entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by,or is under common control with the Party in question. As used in this definition of “Affiliate,” the term “control” shall mean the direct or indirectownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the stock having the right to vote for directors thereof or the ability to otherwise control themanagement of the corporation or other business entity whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, resolution, regulation orotherwise. Anything to the contrary in this paragraph notwithstanding, Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, a Japanese corporation (“Chugai”), shallnot be deemed an Affiliate of Roche unless Roche provides written notice to FMI of its desire to include Chugai as an Affiliate of Roche. Moreover,FMI and its Affiliates existing as of the Effective Date shall not be deemed Affiliates of Roche and its Affiliates existing as of the Effective Date,and Roche and its Affiliates existing as of the Effective Date shall not be deemed Affiliates of FMI and its Affiliates existing as of the EffectiveDate. Affiliates coming into existence after the Effective Date shall be classified by the Parties as either Roche Affiliates or FMI Affiliates for thepurposes of this Agreement. 1.2AgreementThe term “Agreement” shall mean this document including any and all appendices and amendments to it as may be added and/or amended fromtime to time in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. 1.3Agreement TermThe term “Agreement Term” shall mean the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is terminated sooner asprovided in Article 17, expiring on the date when all work has been completed or terminated under all RD Plans. 1.4[......] ctDNA [......]The term “[......] ctDNA [......]” shall mean an analytical validated clinical ctDNA Assay [......]. 1.5Applicable LawThe term “Applicable Law” shall mean any law, statute, ordinance, code, rule or regulation that has been enacted by a government authority(including without limitation, any Regulatory Authority) and is in force as of the Effective Date or comes into force during the Agreement Term, ineach case to the extent that the same are applicable to the performance by the Parties of their respective obligations under this Agreement. 1.6Approved AssayThe term “Approved Assay” means any assay or test intended for use in the diagnosis or evaluation of a disease or condition, excluding any IUO,and with respect to which any necessary Regulatory Approval is received in the relevant country, including PMA approval in the US, if applicable. 1.7Background IPThe term “Background IP” shall mean all intellectual property rights, including Patent Rights and Know-How, Controlled by a Party as of theEffective Date and all intellectual property rights Controlled by a Party after the Effective Date but arising from activities other than the activitiesconducted under this Agreement. Roche Background IP specifically excludes the Excluded Patent Rights and no licenses are granted to FMI undersuch Excluded Patent Rights. Confidential Treatment Requested- 7 -1.8Business DayThe term “Business Day” shall mean 9.00am to 5.00pm local time on a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or bank or other public or federal holidayin Switzerland, New Jersey or Massachusetts. 1.9Calendar HalfThe term “Calendar Half” shall mean each period of six (6) consecutive calendar months, ending June 30 and December 31. 1.10Calendar QuarterThe term “Calendar Quarter” shall mean each period of three (3) consecutive calendar months, ending March 31, June 30, September 30 andDecember 31. 1.11Calendar YearThe term “Calendar Year” shall mean the period of time beginning on January 1 and ending December 31, except for the first Calendar Year whichshall begin on the Effective Date and end on December 31. 1.12CDxThe term “CDx” shall mean any Products or Services that require Regulatory Approval, including by any medical device Regulatory Authority,under the device authorities of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (or equivalent medical device or in vitro diagnostic medical device regimein other countries) for use in connection with a decision to treat, or the specifics of the actual treatment, of person, with a specific product, as morefully described below: (i)identifying a person having a specific disease or condition, or a molecular genotype or phenotype that predisposes a person tosuch disease or condition, to support a decision to treat such person with such specific product, whether for prophylactic ortherapeutic purposes; (ii)defining the prognosis or monitoring the progress of a disease or condition in a person to support a decision to treat, or tocontinue to treat, such person with such specific product, whether for prophylactic or therapeutic purposes; (iii)supporting the selection of a particular therapeutic or prophylactic regimen, wherein at least one (1) potential therapeutic orprophylactic regimen involves the use of such specific product; and/or (iv)confirming such specific product’s biological activity and/or optimizing dosing or the scheduled administration of such specificproduct. 1.13CDx Development ProgramThe term “CDx Development Program” shall mean the program for development by FMI of CDx Assays for select Roche products. 1.14CLIAThe term “CLIA” shall mean Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments as set forth by the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services whichregulates all laboratory testing (except research) performed on humans in the U.S. and is certified by the Division of Laboratory Services, within theSurvey and Certification Group, under the Center for Clinical Standards and Quality. - 8 -1.15Clinical StudyThe term “Clinical Study” shall mean a Phase I Study, Phase II Study, Phase III Study, as applicable. 1.16Commercially Reasonable EffortsThe term “Commercially Reasonable Efforts” shall mean, with respect to the performance of an obligation under this Agreement, such quality andlevel of effort as is required to carry out such obligation in a sustained manner, consistent with the efforts Roche or FMI, as applicable, devotes to asimilar obligation in connection with an internally developed product or service that is at the same stage of development or commercialization, asapplicable, in a similar market, with similar market potential, at a similar stage of product life, taking into account the existence of other competitiveproducts or services in the market place or under development, the proprietary position of the product or service, the regulatory structure involved,the anticipated profitability of the product or service and other relevant factors. It is understood that such quality and level if effort may changefrom time to time based upon changing scientific, business and marketing and return on investment considerations. 1.17Confidential InformationThe term “Confidential Information” shall mean any and all information, data or know-how (including Know-How), whether technical or non-technical, oral or written, that is disclosed by one Party or its Affiliates (“Disclosing Party”) to the other Party or its Affiliates (“Receiving Party”).Confidential Information shall not include any information, data or know-how that: (i)was generally available to the public at the time of disclosure, or information that becomes available to the public after disclosureby the Disclosing Party other than through fault (whether by action or inaction) of the Receiving Party or its Affiliates, (ii)can be evidenced by written records to have been already known to the Receiving Party or its Affiliates prior to its receipt fromthe Disclosing Party, (iii)is obtained by the Receiving Party at any time lawfully from a Third Party under circumstances permitting its use or disclosure, (iv)is developed independently by the Receiving Party or its Affiliates as evidenced by written records other than throughknowledge of Confidential Information, or (v)is approved in writing by the Disclosing Party for release by the Receiving Party.The terms of this Agreement shall be considered Confidential Information of the Parties. 1.18ControlThe term “Control” shall mean (as an adjective or as a verb including conjugations and variations such as “Controls” “Controlled” or“Controlling”) (a) with respect to Patent Rights and/or Know-How, the possession by a Party of the ability to grant a license or sublicense of suchPatent Rights and/or Know-How as provided herein without violating the terms of any agreement or arrangement between such Party and anyother party, where such ability derives from rights other than an assignment or license granted herein and (b) with respect to proprietary materials,the possession by a Party of the ability to supply such proprietary materials to the other Party as provided herein without violating the terms of anyagreement or arrangement between such Party and any other party. - 9 -1.19CoverThe term “Cover” shall mean (as an adjective or as a verb including conjugations and variations such as “Covered,” “Coverage” or “Covering”)that the developing, making, using, offering for sale, promoting, selling, exporting or importing of a given product would infringe a valid claim underthe Patent Rights. As used in the previous sentence, “valid claim” means, with respect to a particular country a claim in an issued and unexpiredpatent that has not lapsed or been disclaimed, revoked, held unenforceable, unpatentable or invalid by a decision of a court or other governmentalagency of competent jurisdiction, unappealable or unappealed within the time allowed fo appeal and that has not been admitted to be invalid orunenforceable through re-examination, re-issue, disclaimer or otherwise, or lost in an interference proceeding. 1.20ctDNAThe term “ctDNA” shall mean circulating tumor DNA. 1.21ctDNA AssayThe term “ctDNA Assay” shall mean an assay developed on or utilizing FMI’s ctDNA Platform (including instruments and software) for thedetection of genomic alteration in ctDNA, including an RUO, IUO and Approved Assay. 1.22ctDNA PlatformThe term “ctDNA Platform” shall mean Products or Services for testing of specimens to identify genomic alterations in ctDNA as a blood-basedliquid biopsy, including FMI instruments, analytical methods, algorithms, procedures, techniques, software or platforms, intended for use ingenomic analysis, and related technologies and any improvements to the foregoing, in each case Controlled by FMI as of the Effective Date orduring the Agreement Term. 1.23ctDNA Platform Development ProgramThe term “ctDNA Platform Development Program” shall mean the program for development of ctDNA analysis platform by FMI for effectivegenomic profiling from liquid biopsy. 1.24ctDNA Working GroupThe term “ctDNA Working Group” shall mean the group of persons from both Parties who will handle the day-to-day activities associated with thectDNA Platform Development Program a set forth herein. 1.25Data Security BreachThe term “Data Security Breach” means (a) the disclosure or misuse (by any means) of Personal Data; (b) the inadvertent, unauthorized and/orunlawful processing, access, disclosure, alteration, corruption, transfer, sale or rental, destruction or use of Personal Data; or (c) any other act oromission that compromises the security, confidentiality, and/or integrity of Personal Data. 1.26Effective DateThe term “Effective Date” shall mean the latest of (a) the date of the last signature of this Agreement, or (b) if a HSR filing is made, the secondBusiness Day immediately following the earlier of: (i) the date upon which the waiting period under HSR expires or terminates early or (ii) the dateupon which all requests to the Parties by the Federal Trade Commission or the Justice Department, as the case may be, with regard to thetransaction contemplated by this Agreement - 10 -have been satisfactorily met and no objection on the part of the Federal Trade Commission or the Justice Department remains, or (c) the occurrenceof the Acceptance Time (as defined in the Transaction Agreement). 1.27Excepted ActivitiesThe term “Excepted Activities” shall mean [......]. 1.28Excluded Patent RightsThe term “Excluded Patent Rights” shall mean those Patent Rights listed in Appendix 1.28. 1.29FDAThe term “FDA” shall mean the Food and Drug Administration of the United States of America. 1.30FDCAThe term “FDCA” shall mean the Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act. 1.31FMI Background IP Patent RightsThe term “FMI Background IP Patent Rights” means Patent Rights that Cover Background IP that is Controlled by FMI. 1.32FMI DecisionsThe term “FMI Decisions” shall mean decisions with respect to any of the following issues that come before the JMC: (i)[......]. (ii)[......]. (iii)[......]. (iv)[......]. 1.33FMI Development CostsThe term “FMI Development Costs” means all costs reasonably incurred or committed to by FMI to perform its obligations and activitieshereunder, including without limitation, (i) personnel costs equal to the number of FTE’s used to perform such obligations and activities multipliedby the FTE Rate, (ii) out-of-pocket costs for consultants, materials and services and (iii) facilities costs reasonably allocated to performance of suchobligations and activities, including acquisition, maintenance and operation costs for such facilities. 1.34FMI Know-HowThe term “FMI Know-How” shall mean the Know-How that FMI Controls at the Effective Date and during the Agreement Term. Confidential Treatment Requested- 11 -1.35FMI Foreground Patent RightsThe term “FMI Foreground Patent Rights” shall mean the Patent Rights that FMI Controls and that Cover Inventions conceived of and reduced topractice after the Effective Date in the performance of the activities under this Agreement, excluding any Joint Patent Rights and any FMIBackground IP Patent Rights. 1.36FTEThe term “FTE” shall mean a full-time equivalent person-year, based upon a total of no less than one thousand eight hundred (1,800) working hoursper year, undertaken in connection with the conduct of research in a Work Stream. In no circumstance can the work of any given person exceed one(1) FTE. 1.37FTE RateThe term “FTE Rate” shall mean the amount of [......], on a fully burdened cost basis, which amount shall be subject to increase following the[......] anniversary of the Effective Date by an amount equal to the increase in the Consumer Price Index as published by the U.S. Department ofLabor, Bureau of Labor Statistics (the “CPI”) between the Effective Date and such date for a new FTE Rate not to exceed [......] per FTE, andwhich such new FTE Rate shall be subject to subsequent increases upon the date of each renewal or extension period comprising the AgreementTerm by an amount equal to the increase in the CPI as of such date. 1.38HandleThe term “Handle” shall mean all activities associated with prosecution and maintenance of a particular patent and patent application(s) derivedfrom such patent, including preparing, filing, prosecuting and maintaining (including interferences, reissue, re-examination, pre- and post-grantproceedings, inter-parties reviews, derivation proceedings, applications for patent term adjustment and extensions, supplementary protectioncertificates and oppositions and other similar proceedings). 1.39HSRThe term “HSR” shall mean the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act. 1.40Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development ProgramThe term “Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program” shall mean the program for development of an immunotherapy testing platform. 1.41Immuno-Platform Working GroupThe term “Immuno-Platform Working Group” shall mean the group of persons from both Parties who will handle the day-to-day activitiesassociated with the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program. 1.42InitiationThe term “Initiation1148; shall mean the date that a human is first dosed with the drug in a Clinical Study approved by the respective RegulatoryAuthority. 1.43Insolvency EventThe term “Insolvency Event” shall mean circumstances under which a Party (i) has a receiver or similar officer appointed over all or a material partof its assets or undertaking; (ii) passes a resolution for winding-up (other than a winding-up for the purpose of, or in connection with, any solventamalgamation or reconstruction) or a court makes an order to that effect or a court makes an order for administration (or any equivalent order in anyjurisdiction); (iii) enters into Confidential Treatment Requested- 12 -any composition or arrangement with its creditors (other than relating to a solvent restructuring); (iv) ceases to carry on business; (v) is unable topay its debts as they become due in the ordinary course of business. 1.44InventionThe term “Invention” shall mean an invention that is made, i.e. conceived and reduced to practice, in performance of activities under thisAgreement. Under this definition, an Invention may be made by solely by individuals having an obligation to assign rights in such invention toFMI (an “FMI Invention”), solely by individuals having an obligation to assign rights in such invention to Roche (a “Roche Invention”), or jointlyby individuals having an obligation to assign rights in such invention to FMI and individuals having an obligation to assign rights in suchinvention to Roche (a “Joint Invention”). 1.45IUOThe term “IUO” shall mean an assay for investigational use only that meets certain clinical and manufacturing standards and which is used inclinical studies to gather data for submission to a Regulatory Agency in support of an Approved Assay. 1.46JMCThe term “JMC” shall mean the joint management committee described in Article 6. 1.47JOCThe term “JOC” shall mean the joint operating committee as mentioned in Section 6.3 and described in the Ex-US Commercialization Agreement. 1.48Joint Know-HowThe term “Joint Know-How” shall mean Know-How that is made jointly by the Parties or their Affiliates or their Sublicensees in performance ofactivities carried out pursuant to this Agreement. 1.49Joint Patent RightsThe term “Joint Patent Rights” shall mean all Patent Rights Covering a Joint Invention. 1.50JOTThe term “JOT” shall mean a joint operating team described in Section 6.1.7. 1.51JRDCThe term “JRDC” shall mean the joint research and development committee described in Section 6.2. 1.52Know-HowThe term “Know-How” shall mean data, knowledge, algorithms, business rules and information, including manufacturing data, toxicological data,pharmacological data, preclinical data, formulations, specifications, quality control testing data, which are necessary or useful for the discovery,manufacture, development or commercialization of Products and Services. 1.53Molecular Information Platform ProgramThe term “Molecular Information Platform Program” shall mean the program designed to generate insights for certain of Roche’s clinicaldevelopment portfolio from FMI’s molecular information platform, comprised of tumor sample genomic analysis, database access, and dedicatedFMI clinical and genomic expertise. - 13 -1.54Molecular Information Platform Working GroupThe term “Molecular Information Platform Working Group” shall mean the group of persons from both Parties who will handle the day-to-dayactivities associated with the Molecular Information Platform Program. 1.55PartyThe term “Party” shall mean FMI or Roche, as the case may be, and “Parties” shall mean FMI and Roche collectively. 1.56Patent RightsThe term “Patent Rights” shall mean all rights under any patent or patent application, in any country of the Territory, including any patents issuingon such patent application, and further including any substitution, extension or supplementary protection certificate, reissue, reexamination,renewal, division, continuation or continuation-in-part of any of the foregoing. 1.57Performance SpecificationsThe term “Performance Specifications” shall mean a set of minimum standards and specifications related to FMI’s supply and delivery of Productsand Services under this Agreement as set forth in the RD Plans for each Work Stream or Task Orders, including standards with respect to classesof alterations detected and sequencing sensitivity and specificity (based on tissue requirements); provided, however, the PerformanceSpecifications for the Molecular Information Platform Program are attached hereto as Exhibit 1.57. 1.58Personal DataThe term “Personal Data” shall mean any information that can be used to identify, locate or contact an individual (a “Data Subject”), including butlimited to, (a) first name or initial and last name; (b) home or other physical address; (c) telephone number; (d) email address or online identifierassociated with the individual; (e) social security number or other similar identifier; (f) employment financial or health information; or (g) any otherinformation relating to an individual that is combined with any of the above. 1.59Phase I StudyThe term “Phase I Study” shall mean a human clinical trial in any country that would satisfy the requirements of 21 C.F.R. § 312.21(a) (FDCA), asamended from time to time, and the foreign equivalent thereof. 1.60Phase II StudyThe term “Phase II Study” shall mean a human clinical trial, for which the primary endpoints include a determination of dose ranges and/or apreliminary determination of efficacy in patients being studied as described in 21 C.F.R. § 312.21(b) (FDCA), as amended from time to time, and theforeign equivalent thereof. 1.61Phase III StudyThe term “Phase III Study” shall mean a human clinical trial that is prospectively designed to demonstrate statistically whether a product is safeand effective for use in humans in a manner sufficient to obtain regulatory approval to market such product in patients having the disease orcondition being studied as described in 21 C.F.R. § 312.21(c) (FDCA), as amended from time to time, and the foreign equivalent thereof. - 14 -1.62PMAThe term “PMA” shall mean a premarket approval application as defined under section 515 of the FDCA. 1.63Quality StandardsThe term “Quality Standards” shall mean CLIA or QSR requirements, each as applicable, and other Applicable Laws. If requested by Roche, theJRDC will establish which such quality standards specifically apply to Products and Services within a given Work Stream. 1.64RD PlanThe term “RD Plan” shall mean a plan of research and development for each Work Stream other than the Molecular Information Platform Program.The initial RD Plans are attached as Appendix 1.64 and outline the work expected to be performed by FMI for the relevant Work Stream. Suchplans may be updated from time to time as provided in this Agreement. 1.65Regulatory ApprovalThe term “Regulatory Approval” shall mean any approvals, licenses, registrations, authorizations, or certifications by Regulatory Authority or anyCE markings, necessary for the manufacture, sale or putting into service of a product in a regulatory jurisdiction in the Territory. 1.66Regulatory AuthorityThe term “Regulatory Authority” shall mean any national, supranational (e.g., the European Commission, the Council of the European Union, theEuropean Medicines Agency), regional, state or local regulatory agency, department, bureau, commission, council or other governmental entityincluding the FDA, in each country involved in the granting of Regulatory Approval for a product or service. 1.67Roche Background IP Patent RightsThe term “Roche Background IP Patent Rights” means Patent Rights that Cover Background IP that is Controlled by Roche. 1.68Roche GroupThe term “Roche Group” shall mean collectively Roche, its Affiliates and its Sublicensees, excluding FMI and FMI Affiliates. 1.69Roche Know-HowThe term “Roche Know-How” shall mean all Know-How that Roche Controls during the Agreement Term. 1.70Roche Foreground Patent RightsThe term “Roche Foreground Patent Rights” shall mean the Patent Rights that Roche Controls (other than through licenses granted under thisAgreement) and that Cover Inventions conceived of and reduced to practice after the Effective Date in the performance of the activities under thisAgreement, excluding any Joint Patent Rights and the Excluded Patent Rights. 1.71ROW TerritoryThe term “ROW Territory” shall mean [......]. 1.72RUOThe term “RUO” shall mean an assay intended or approved for research use only. Confidential Treatment Requested- 15 -1.73Study DataThe term “Study Data” shall mean all data related to any Data Subject collected by or transferred to the Roche Group or business partners, inconnection with any services that FMI may provide to Roche. 1.74SublicenseeThe term “Sublicensee” shall mean an entity to which Roche or FMI, as applicable, has licensed rights (through one or multiple tiers), other thanthrough a Compulsory Sublicense, pursuant to this Agreement. 1.75TerritoryThe term “Territory” shall mean [......]. 1.76Third PartyThe term “Third Party” shall mean a person or entity other than (i) FMI or any of its Affiliates or (ii) a member of the Roche Group. 1.77USThe term “US” shall mean the United States of America and its territories and possessions. 1.78USThe term “US” shall mean US dollars. 1.79Work StreamThe term “Work Stream” shall mean each of the Molecular Information Platform Program, Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program,the ctDNA Platform Development Program, and the CDx Development Program. 1.80Additional DefinitionsEach of the following definitions is set forth in the Section of this Agreement indicated below: Definition SectionAAA 19.3Accounting Period 9.1Advanced Genomic Analyses 3.1.4Alliance Director 6.2Approved Markers 3.4.1Assessment 10Bankruptcy Code 18Binding Orders 3.1.5Biomarker IP 2.1.2Breaching Party 17.2.1CDx Assays 3.4.1CDx Platform Working Group 3.4.2Chairperson 6.1.1Competent Authority Procedures 10ctDNA Milestone Date 8.4Create Act 12.6Database Renewal Term 3.1.9Database Queries 3.1.8 Confidential Treatment Requested- 16 -Definition SectionData Subject 1.57Decision Period 12.5Disclosing Party 1.17Ex-US Collaboration Agreement Whereas ClauseFirst ctDNA Milestone Date 8.4FMI CDx IP 12.1.5FMI-Derived Advanced Genomic Analysis Results 3.1.8FMI Improvement IP 12.1.2FMI Invention 1.44Immuno-Biomarker Discovery Platform 3.2.1Immuno-Clinical Study Assays 0Immunotherapy Exclusivity Period 3.2.8Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Budget 8.3.1Genomic Analyses 3.1.4Indemnified Party 14.3Indemnifying Party 14.3Initial Roche ctDNA Assay 8.4Initiating Party 12.5Investigational Markers 3.4.1IVD Collaboration Whereas ClauseJoint Invention 1.44Materially Modified 8.3.2(i)Members 6.1.1Molecular Information Database 3.1.8Molecular Information Database Access 3.1.8Non-Breaching Party 17.2.1Payment Currency 9.3Peremptory Notice Period 17.2.1Products and Services 7Profiling Renewal Term 3.1.9Profiling Term 3.1.9Publishing Notice 16.4Publishing Party 16.4Receiving Party 1.17Related Agreements Whereas ClauseReserved Capacity 3.1.4Reserved Capacity Fees 8.2.1.1Roche CDx Development IP 12.1.5Roche ctDNA Sample Results 12.1.4Roche Immunotherapy Sample Results 12.1.3Roche Improvement IP 12.1.2Roche Invention 1.44Roche-Owned Advanced Genomic Analysis Results 12.1.2Roche’s Jurisdiction 10Sample Profiling 3.1.4 - 17 -Definition SectionSample Results 3.1.6Second ctDNA Milestone Date 8.4Settlement 12.5Signature Identification 3.2.1Suit Notice 12.5Task Orders 3.1.3TPP 6.1.5.2Transaction Agreement Whereas ClauseUS Education Collaboration Agreement Whereas Clause 2.Grant of License 2.1Licenses 2.1.1Research and Development Cross LicenseEach Party grants to the other Party during the time that a Work Stream is in effect, a non-exclusive right and license under Know-How and PatentRights, including the Background IP, Controlled by such Party and that are necessary or useful solely to enable the other Party to perform theactivities contemplated under this Agreement; [......]. 2.1.2Molecular Information Platform LicensesRoche hereby grants to FMI a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide and perpetual license, sublicensable to FMI’s Affiliates, under any intellectualproperty rights arising directly from the Sample Results, or the correlation of the Sample Results to patient data (“Biomarker IP”) (i) to the extentsuch Biomarker IP becomes publicly known, for internal research purposes, (ii) to the extent such Biomarker IP becomes publicly known, to develop,make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import, and commercialize FMI’s Products and Services relating to genomic analysis, and (iii) [......].Roche hereby grants to FMI a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide and perpetual license, sublicensable to Affiliates, to use the Roche-OwnedAdvanced Genomic Analysis Results to develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import and commercialize FMI’s products and servicesrelating to genomic analysis.FMI hereby grants to Roche a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide and perpetual license, sublicensable to Roche’s Affiliates under any FMIImprovements for Roche’s internal research purposes and to develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import and commercialize Roche’sproducts and services other than diagnostic products and services. 2.1.3Immunotherapy Testing Platform LicensesEffective after the Immunotherapy Exclusivity Period, Roche hereby grants to FMI a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, andsublicensable to Affiliates, license to any intellectual property arising from the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program Controlledby Roche (excluding Roche Immunotherapy Sample Results) to the extent necessary Confidential Treatment Requested- 18 -for FMI to develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import and commercialize the Immuno-Biomarker Discovery Platform, SignatureIdentification services, Clinical Study assays, CDx assays, or any other FMI testing or services (including that are part of the Genomic AnalysisPlatform).FMI hereby grants to Roche a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, and sublicensable license to any intellectual property arising fromthe Immunotherapy Testing Platform Program Controlled by FMI for internal research purposes and to the extent necessary for Roche to research,develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import and commercialize Roche products other than diagnostic products.If FMI is unable or unwilling to develop and commercialize an Immuno Clinical Study assay or CDx assay resulting from the Immunotherapy TestingPlatform Development Program in a given country within the Territory as specified in an RD Plan for any reason other than a breach of thisAgreement by Roche, and on the timeline agreed to in such RD Plan, then, effective on the end of the timeline specified in such RD Plan, FMIhereby grants to Roche a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, and sublicensable license under any intellectual property invented by FMI arisingfrom the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Program or the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development that is necessary for Roche to develop andcommercialize such tests in such country in the Territory. 2.1.4ctDNA LicensesFMI hereby grants to Roche (i) an exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable, worldwide and perpetual license to any intellectual property rights arisingfrom the ctDNA Development Platform Program that are necessary for Roche to develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import andcommercialize Roche products other than diagnostic products (including the use, formulation, methods of treatment, clinical data or other data,information or results relating to the Roche therapeutic product) solely for use in connection with such activities and such Roche products and (ii)a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide and perpetual license, with the right to grant sublicenses solely to Roche Affiliates, to any intellectualproperty rights arising from the ctDNA Development Platform Program, for internal research purposes.Roche hereby grants to FMI a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, and sublicensable license to any IP Controlled by Roche anddeveloped under the ctDNA Platform Development Program (excluding Roche Immunotherapy Sample Results) to the extent necessary for FMI toresearch, develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import and commercialize the ctDNA Assays. 2.1.5CDx Development ProgramFMI hereby grants to Roche a non-exclusive license under the FMI CDx IP for internal research purposes, and to the extent necessary to research,develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import and commercialize Roche products other than diagnostic products.If FMI is unwilling or unable to develop and commercialize a CDx Assay for a given country in the Territory as specified in the RD Plan, and onthe timeline set forth in the relevant RD Plan, for any reason other than a breach of this Agreement by Roche, then FMI hereby grants to Roche anon-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable, and perpetual license under any intellectual property invented by FMI arising from the CDxDevelopment Program that is necessary for Roche to develop and commercialize a CDx Assay equivalent in such country in the Territory. - 19 -2.2SublicenseExcept as otherwise provided herein, where the right to sublicense is granted under this Agreement, the licensee shall have the right to sublicense,and subcontract (subject to Section 2.3), through multiple tiers. Each sublicense granted hereunder to a Third Party shall be pursuant to a writtenagreement. Each sublicense granted hereunder by a Party shall include restrictions on the disclosure of the other Party’s Confidential Informationthat are substantially similar to the protections provided herein. Each Party shall be liable for any action or failure to act by a sublicensee under asublicense granted by such Party to the extent such action or failure to act on the part of such Party would constitute a breach of this Agreementby such Party. 2.3Right to SubcontractEach Party shall have the right to subcontract the work performed under this Agreement in accordance with the applicable RD Plan. Each suchsubcontract with a Third Party shall be pursuant to a written agreement. Each such subcontract by a Party shall include restrictions on thedisclosure of the other Party’s Confidential Information that are substantially similar to the protections provided herein. Each Party shall be liablefor any action or failure to act by a subcontractor under a subcontract entered into by such Party to the extent such action or failure to act on thepart of such Party would constitute a breach of this Agreement by such Party. 3.Research and Development Collaboration 3.1Molecular Information Platform Program 3.1.1ScopeRoche and FMI shall conduct the Molecular Information Platform Program pursuant to this Agreement under the direction of the MolecularInformation Platform Working Group. 3.1.2Molecular Information Platform Working GroupThe Parties shall establish the Molecular Information Platform Working Group within sixty (60) days after the Effective Date to operationalize theMolecular Information Platform Program. The Molecular Information Platform Working Group’s activities will be overseen by JRDC. 3.1.3Task OrdersThe Parties will conduct the Molecular Information Platform Program in accordance with agreed upon task orders (“Task Orders”) and incompliance with Performance Specifications and Quality Standards. Each Task Order will be substantially in the form set forth in Appendix 3.1.3. Tothe extent any terms set forth in a Task Order conflict with the terms set forth in this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall control. 3.1.4Sample Profiling and Reserved CapacityFMI shall provide, and shall reserve capacity to provide, Roche with comprehensive profiling, analysis and reporting (“Sample Profiling”) of atleast [......] during the first [......] immediately following the Effective date, and at least [......] samples during the next [......] Confidential Treatment Requested- 20 -(“Reserved Capacity”) using FMI’s platform for molecular genomic profiling of cancer samples (the “Genomic Analysis Platform”). The initiallaboratory and computational biology activities performed on the Samples as part of Sample Profiling are “Genomic Analyses”. FMI will provideSample Profiling in accordance with the Reserved Capacity during the Profiling Term and Profiling Renewal Term, using the then-current versions ofthe tests included in its Genomic Analysis Platform. The Sampling Profiles shall be provided in a specified format to be mutually agreed by theParties. The JMC will discuss and decide upon the Reserved Capacity commitment for Profiling Renewal Terms, provided that any ReservedCapacity amount in excess of [......] that would require FMI to increase its existing capacity will require FMI approval.Sample Profiling will include advanced genomic analyses, i.e. advanced laboratory and computational biology activities in the field of cancergenomic sequencing and analysis performed on Samples, including [......] (collectively, “Advanced Genomic Analyses”). Sample Profilingincludes Genomic Analyses and Advanced Genomic Analyses.FMI may adopt modifications to the Performance Specifications without Roche’s consent, so long as such modifications do not result in a materialdiminution in the analytical performance of the Genomic Analysis Platform as measured by the metrics set forth in Appendix 1.57 (which suchmaterial diminution would require the prior written consent of Roche). In the event [......], and such change results in a material diminution inthe analytical performance of the Genomic Analysis Platform as measured by the metrics set forth in Appendix 1.57, Roche may, at its election, andupon written notice to FMI, terminate each Party’s obligations under Reserved Capacity, including Roche’s obligations under Section 8.2.1.1 to payReserved Capacity Fees and opt out of the price per Sample fees for Sample Profiling otherwise specified in Section 8.2.1.2, in each case, from theeffect of such sequencing platform change. If Roche elects to terminate the Parties’ obligations under Reserved Capacity and opts out of the perSample pricing for Sample Profiling specified in Section 8.2.1.2, Sample Profiling shall then be performed, and fees for such Sample Profiling shallthen be charged, on a per Sample basis at FMI’s standard rates or on pricing terms to be mutually agreed in writing by the Parties (or as otherwisemutually agreed in writing by the Parties). 3.1.5Forecasting and Binding OrdersNot later than the first Business Day of [......] during the Profiling Term and Profiling Renewal Terms, Roche will provide FMI with a rollingforecast of its estimated requirements for Sample Profiling for the following [......], the rolling forecast for the [......] of which shall bedeemed to be a binding order for sample volume (including specifications for the number of samples to be run using each of FMI’s different tests)(“Binding Orders”). Binding Orders will not impact FMI’s commitment to provide services for at least the Reserved Capacity amount, and Roche’sfinancial commitment to pay the Reserved Capacity Fee. FMI shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to fulfill requests for Sample Profilingexceeding the Reserved Capacity based on forecasts provided by Roche (each a “Forecast”) in advance of [......] as specified below. 3.1.6Samples, Sample Results, Web-PortalRoche will provide samples to FMI for Sample Profiling as provided for in Section 3.5. The results of the Sample Profiling (“Sample Results”) shallbe provided by FMI to Roche in a timeframe to be agreed upon by the Parties. A sample report is attached as Appendix 3.1.6. Confidential Treatment Requested- 21 -FMI will set up and utilize a basic web-portal for Roche to access Sample Results and patient reports for Roche Clinical Studies. This web-portalshall be similar to the portal that FMI provides to its other major pharmaceutical customers. 3.1.7Clinical ReportsFMI will provide Roche with clinical (e.g., FoundationOne or FoundationOne Heme) reports from Sample Profiling on reasonable request, to bespecified in applicable Task Orders, to enable Roche to provide comprehensive information to physicians and patients. 3.1.8Database InsightsFMI will provide molecular information insights (“Database Insights”) arising from FMI’s database of aggregated clinical genomic analysis results,which include genomic alterations (base substitutions, insertions and deletions, copy number alterations, and rearrangements) detected by theGenomic Analysis Platform across FMI’s clinical testing experience in all disease ontologies (the “Molecular Information Database”), in responseto queries supplied by Roche (“Database Queries”) or generated by FMI in response to discussions between the Parties about areas of interest forRoche (e.g., [......]), utilizing a team of [......] FMI FTEs with requisite training and experience to generate Database Insights (“MolecularInformation Database Access”).Database Insights and results of Advanced Genomic Analyses performed against the Molecular Information Database (which, for clarity, does notinclude Roche’s Sample Results) (“FMI-Derived Advanced Genomic Analysis Results”) shall be deemed FMI Confidential Information. Roche andits Affiliates may use the Database Query Results and FMI-Derived Advanced Genomic Analysis Results for all purposes, except that Roche maynot disclose the Database Query Results to Third Parties, other than as necessary for development, approval or commercialization of a therapeuticor diagnostic product owned or controlled by Roche, or as otherwise consistent with the terms of confidentiality contained in the DefinitiveAgreement. 3.1.9Molecular Information Database AccessAs set forth in Section 3.1.8, FMI will provide Roche mediated (indirect through dedicated FMI FTEs) access to the Molecular InformationDatabase to pose Database Queries and will provide the resulting Database Insights to Roche in a format to be mutually agreed by the Parties. FMIwill also provide Roche with direct access to the Molecular Information Database for Roche to perform Database Queries and generate DatabaseInsights, when such service is made available to Third Parties by FMI in the ordinary course of business. 3.1.10Duration and ExtensionThe term for Sample Profiling set forth in Section 3.1.4 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the“Profiling Term”). The Profiling Term may be extended at Roche’s option, upon [......] written notice to FMI as specified in Section 19.13, foradditional three (3) year periods, during any period of time in which Roche is a majority shareholder of FMI (each a “Profiling Renewal Term”).The term for Database Insights under Section 3.1.8 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the “DatabaseInsights Term”). The Database Insights Confidential Treatment Requested- 22 -Term may be extended at Roche’s option, upon [......] notice to FMI as specified in Section 19.13, for additional three (3) year periods, duringany period of time in which Roche is a majority shareholder of FMI (each a “Database Renewal Term”).During any Profiling Renewal Term and/or Database Renewal Term, if FMI increases the fees it charges to Third Parties for Sample Profiling and/orDatabase Insights, then FMI will notify Roche of such adjustment(s), and the Parties shall agree upon the fees to be charged to Roche during theProfiling Renewal Term and/or Database Renewal Term, subject to Article 5, for such Profiling Renewal Term and/or Database Renewal Term prior toits commencement.If FMI is unable to provide Roche with the Reserved Capacity, or to provide Roche with deliverables meeting Performance Specifications for theSample Profiling or the Database Queries or fails to comply with Quality Standards, then Roche will have the right to terminate the Sample Profilingand/or Database Insights, as applicable, as set forth in Section 17.3.3, subject to the notice and cure provisions therein. 3.2Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program 3.2.1ScopeRoche and FMI shall conduct the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program pursuant to a mutually agreed RD Plan under thedirection of the Immuno-Platform Working Group. The purpose of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program is to develop animmunotherapy testing platform meeting the specifications set forth by the Immuno-Platform Working Group for profiling of cancer immunotherapypatients (the “Immuno-Biomarker Discovery Platform”). The Parties hope to further deploy the platform for use in Clinical Study sample profilingto identify possible signatures for immunotherapy response (“Signature Identification”). Roche may also, at its option, request that FMI developCLIA immunotherapy testing Clinical Study assays for use in selecting or differentiating patients in Roche Clinical Studies in immuno-oncology(“Immuno-Clinical Study Assays”). 3.2.2Immuno-Platform Working GroupThe Parties shall establish the Immuno-Platform Working Group within sixty (60) days after the Effective Date to operationalize the ImmunotherapyTesting Platform Development. The Immuno-Platform Working Group’s activities will be overseen by JRDC.The Immuno-Platform Working Group shall serve as a forum for discussion and sharing updates and information between the Parties, but shall haveno decision-making authority. The Immuno-Platform Working Group shall: (i)serve as a forum for discussing the development of the Immuno-Biomarker Discovery Platform and related Products and Services, as wellas Immuno-Clinical Study Assays, if applicable; (ii)serve as a forum for coordinating the Parties’ efforts to carry out the RD Plan; (iii)periodically monitor progress of activities under the RD Plan and discuss any obstacles or delays with regard to achieving the timelinesset forth therein; Confidential Treatment Requested- 23 -(iv)discuss the overall strategy, including the submission plans, for obtaining and maintaining Regulatory Approval of any of the Productsand Services developed in the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program; and (v)such other responsibilities as may be assigned to the Immuno-Platform Working Group in or pursuant to this Agreement or as may bemutually agreed by the Parties in writing. 3.2.3RD PlanThe Parties will conduct the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program in accordance with an RD Plan and in compliance withPerformance Specifications and Quality Standards. Unless decided otherwise by the JMC, the RD Plan will be updated [......] by the Immuno-Platform Working Group, reviewed and recommended for approval by the JRDC and approved by the JMC. The RD Plan will set forth (i) the scopeof the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program and the FTE resources that will be dedicated to the activities contemplated within thescope of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program, including the responsibilities of each Party (ii) an overall timeline and specificobjectives for each year, which objectives will be updated or amended, as appropriate, by the JRDC as research progresses, and (iii) budgets forsuch activities. The Parties shall update the RD Plan no later than [......] before the first anniversary of the Effective Date. The JRDC shallreview the RD Plan on an ongoing basis and may amend the RD Plan. Any such changes shall be reflected in written amendments to the RDPlan. 3.2.4Responsibilities of the PartiesFMI will work with Roche in accordance with the RD Plan to develop the Immuno-Biomarker Discovery Platform, perform Signature Identification,and, as requested by Roche, develop Immuno Clinical Study Assays. Except for the contracts listed on Appendix 3.2.4, the Parties will meet anddiscuss existing contracts for activities that are Excepted Activities, and enact a plan for winding-down such contracts, where appropriate.Roche will work with FMI in accordance with the RD Plan established by the Immuno-Platform Working Group, including by providing relevantsamples and associated data, immuno-oncology expertise, and bioinformatics support, in each case to the extent agreed to in the RD Plan. 3.2.5BudgetA budget for the anticipated work for the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development forms a part of the RD Plan. Any changes to this budgetshall be reviewed by the JRDC and then submitted to the JMC for approval. 3.2.6DurationThe initial term of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program will be five (5) years beginning on the Effective Date. 3.2.7ExtensionRoche shall have the right to extend the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program, upon [......] written notice to FMI as specifiedin Section 19.13, for up to six (6) Confidential Treatment Requested- 24 -additional one (1) year periods, during any period of time in which Roche is a majority shareholder of FMI (each a “Signature IdentificationRenewal Term”), provided, for clarity, that during any Signature Identification Renewal Term, FMI’s obligations under Section 16.1 shall continueto apply to any signature identified under this Agreement but that exclusivity under Section 3.2.8 shall not apply to the Immuno-BiomarkerDiscovery Platform. 3.2.8ExclusivityExcept for Excepted Activities, for the lesser of (i) [......] after the Effective Date or (ii) [......] (the “Immunotherapy Exclusivity Period”),FMI will work exclusively with Roche with respect to [......]. Except with regard to Excepted Activities, FMI will not (i) work directly or indirectlywith any Third Party in the field of [......], (ii) use for the benefit of any Third Party the [......] or (iii) transfer to or otherwise enable anyThird Party to make use of any data, technology or results from the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program for [......].Following the Immunotherapy Exclusivity Period, FMI shall have the right to work with Third Parties in the field of cancer immunotherapy, and tootherwise commercialize the Immuno-Biomarker Discovery Platform, subject to the Related Agreements. 3.2.9Excepted ActivitiesFor any Excepted Activities, FMI shall provide copies of proposed publications Roche for review in accordance with Section 16.4. [......]For the first [......] following commercial launch by FMI of any Immuno Clinical Study Assay(s) created during or derived from theImmunotherapy Testing Platform Development, Roche and its Affiliates will be entitled to [......], for the purchase of any such Immuno ClinicalStudy Assay(s). 3.3ctDNA Platform Development Program 3.3.1ScopeRoche and FMI shall conduct the ctDNA Platform Development Program, pursuant to a mutually agreed RD Plan under the direction of thectDNA Working Group. The purpose of the ctDNA Platform Development Program is to develop ctDNA Assays meeting the specifications set forthin the RD Plan. 3.3.2Working GroupThe Parties shall establish the ctDNA Working Group within sixty (60) days after the Effective Date to operationalize the ctDNA PlatformDevelopment. The ctDNA Working Group’s activities will be overseen by JRDC. Confidential Treatment Requested- 25 -The ctDNA Working Group shall serve as a forum for discussion and sharing updates and information between the Parties, but shall have nodecision-making authority. The ctDNA Working Group shall: (i)serve as a forum for discussing the development of the ctDNA Platform and ctDNA Products; (ii)serve as a forum for coordinating the Parties’ efforts to carry out the RD Plan; (iii)periodically monitor progress of activities under the RD Plan and discuss any obstacles or delays with regard to achieving thetimelines set forth therein; (iv)discuss the overall strategy, including the submission plans, for obtaining and maintaining Regulatory Approval of any of thectDNA Products; and (v)such other responsibilities as may be assigned to the ctDNA Working Group in or pursuant to this Agreement or as may bemutually agreed by the Parties in writing. 3.3.3RD PlanFMI will develop the ctDNA Assays, leveraging ongoing efforts, in accordance with the RD Plan and in compliance with PerformanceSpecifications and Quality Standards. Unless decided otherwise by the JMC, the RD Plan will be updated [......] by the ctDNA WorkingGroup, reviewed and recommended for approval by the JRDC and approved by the JMC. The RD Plan will set forth (i) the scope of the ctDNAPlatform Development Program and the FTE resources that will be dedicated to the activities contemplated within the scope of the ctDNA PlatformDevelopment Program, including the responsibilities of each Party (ii) an overall timeline and specific objectives for each year, which objectives willbe updated or amended, as appropriate, by the JRDC as research progresses, and (iii) budgets for such activities. The Parties shall update the RDPlan no later than [......] before the first anniversary of the Effective Date. The JRDC shall review the RD Plan on an ongoing basis and mayamend the RD Plan subject to approval of the JMC. Any such changes shall be reflected in written amendments to the RD Plan. 3.3.4Responsibilities of the PartiesFMI shall, subject to all terms and conditions of this Agreement, use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Develop the Initial Roche ctDNA Assayand the ALK ctDNA Clinical Trial Assay in accordance with the RD Plan. FMI will work with Roche in accordance with the RD Plan to developctDNA Assays.Roche will work with FMI in accordance with the RD Plan, including by providing relevant Samples and associated data, in each case to theextent agreed to in the RD Plan.Roche assumes no liability for use of the Genomic Analyses obtained from Samples provided under this Agreement, except as and to the extentarising out of a breach by Roche of this Agreement. - 26 - 3.3.5BudgetFMI will have sole control over, and responsibility for, the budget and funding for the anticipated work for the ctDNA Platform Development underthe RD Plan. 3.3.6DurationThe initial term of the ctDNA Platform Development Program will be twelve (12) months. 3.3.7ExtensionThe initial term of the ctDNA Platform Development Program may be extended by the mutual agreement of the Parties. [......]For the [......] following commercial launch by FMI of any ctDNA Assay(s) created during or derived from the ctDNA Platform Development,Roche and its Affiliates will be entitled to [......], for the purchase of any such ctDNA Assay(s). 3.3.9CommercializationSubject to the Related Agreements, FMI shall have the right to commercialize the ctDNA Assays. The ctDNA Assays may be made commerciallyavailable to any customer, except that FMI shall not disclose to an Third Party the specific content of any ctDNA Assay developed specifically forRoche for use as a Clinical Study assay. 3.4CDx Development Program 3.4.1ScopeRoche and FMI shall conduct the CDx Development Program pursuant to a mutually agreed RD Plan. The activities conducted in connection withthe CDx Development Program will be overseen by the JRDC. The purpose of the CDx Development Program is to develop certain companiondiagnostic tests or assays (the “CDx Assays”) for use in connection with certain Roche products. Such CDx Assays may include those developedat Roche’s request in connection with markers that have not yet been approved by the FDA for the particular tumor type/indication for whichRoche is developing the relevant therapeutic (“Investigational Markers”) and those developed by mutual agreement of the Parties in connectionwith markers that are included in one or more assays approved by the FDA for the particular tumor type/indication to indicate use of a Rochetherapeutic (“Approved Markers”). 3.4.2Working GroupFor each CDx Assay under development, the Parties shall establish a working group (the “CDx Platform Working Group”), to operationalize theCDx Development. The Parties shall establish the first CDx Platform Working Group within sixty (60) days after the Effective Date. Each CDxPlatform Working Group’s activities will be overseen by JRDC. Confidential Treatment Requested- 27 -The CDx Platform Working Group shall serve as a forum for discussion and sharing updates and information between the Parties, but shall have nodecision-making authority. The CDx Platform Working Group shall: (i)serve as a forum for discussing the development of CDx Assays and related Products and Services; (ii)serve as a forum for coordinating the Parties’ efforts to carry out the RD Plan; (iii)periodically monitor progress of activities under the RD Plan and discuss any obstacles or delays with regard to achieving the timelinesset forth therein; (iv)discuss the overall strategy, including the submission plans, for obtaining and maintaining Regulatory Approval of any of the Productsand Services developed in the CDx Development Program; and (v)such other responsibilities as may be assigned to the CDx Platform Working Group in or pursuant to this Agreement or as may be mutuallyagreed by the Parties in writing. 3.4.3RD PlanThe Parties will conduct the CDx Development Program in accordance with the RD Plan and in compliance with Performance Specifications andQuality Standards. Unless decided otherwise by the JMC, the RD Plan will be updated [......] by the CDx Platform Working Group, reviewedand recommended for approval by the JRDC and approved by the JMC. The RD Plan will set forth (i) the scope of the CDx Development Programand the resources that will be dedicated to the activities contemplated within the CDx Development Program, including the responsibilities of eachParty (ii) specific objectives for each year, which objectives will be updated or amended, as appropriate, by the JRDC as research progresses, and(iii) budgets for such activities. The Parties shall prepare a plan for activities to be conducted no later than [......] before the first anniversary ofthe Effective Date. The JMC shall review the RD Plan on an ongoing basis and may amend the RD Plan. Any such changes shall be reflected inwritten amendments to the RD Plan. 3.4.4Responsibilities of the PartiesFMI will provide CDx development and testing services, including, as required by the RD Plan, providing FDA QSR laboratory capacity tosupport such testing. The CDx services will be based on individual CDx RD Plans for specific Roche assets that will be agreed upon, signed bythe Parties and thereby made a part of this Agreement as Appendices 3.4.4(a), 3.4.4(b) and so on. All CDx services will be performed withappropriate systems and documentation to support eventual FDA approval of a PMA or 510(k) or, if agreed by the Parties, approval from therelevant regulatory authorities for an ROW Territory in which FMI will deliver a CDx Assay for Roche therapeutics.FMI will be responsible for performing the development work for the CDx Assays according to the individual CDx RD Plans. Unless otherwiseexpressly agreed between the Parties, FMI will be responsible for seeking regulatory approval (including PMAs, 510(k)s or equivalent) for the CDxAssays. FMI will provide Roche with cross-reference letters, and shall otherwise coordinate regulatory submissions and related information, withRoche. - 28 -Roche is responsible for supplying FMI with the information and materials necessary for each CDx Assay to be developed under the CDxDevelopment Program in accordance with the RD Plan. Roche will be solely responsible for seeking regulatory approval for the associated Rocheasset. Roche will provide FMI with cross-reference letters, and shall otherwise coordinate regulatory submissions and related information with FMI. 3.4.5BudgetRoche and FMI shall agree on a budget for each CDx Assay. The initial budget forms a part of the initial RD Plan. 3.4.6DurationThe term of the CDx Development Program shall be five (5) years. 3.4.7ExtensionRoche shall have the right to extend the term of the CDx Development Program, upon [......] prior written notice to FMI as specified in Section19.13, for additional three (3) year periods, during any period of time in which Roche is a majority shareholder of FMI. 3.4.8Continuing ObligationsIf work under an individual CDx RD Plan is initiated during the initial term of the CDx Development Program or an extension thereof, then suchwork shall be completed as set forth in the applicable individual CDx RD Plan after the initial term or extension, as applicable, in accordance withthe terms set forth therein and herein (including with respect to funding obligations). 3.4.9CommercializationSubject to the Related Agreements, FMI shall have the right to commercialize the CDx Assays. 3.5Samples, Handling and Disposal 3.5.1SamplesRoche will provide samples to FMI that meet the FMI specimen requirements attached hereto as Appendix 3.5.1 and in accordance with theapplicable RD Plan. FMI shall not transfer the Samples or other materials obtained or received in connection with this Agreement, or anyderivatives thereof, to any Third Party without Roche’s prior written approval. FMI shall use the Samples and material obtained or received inconnection with this Agreement solely for the performance of activities permitted under this Agreement in FMI’s laboratories under suitablecontainment conditions in accordance with all Applicable Law. FMI shall not analyze the Samples other than as expressly provided for in thisAgreement. FMI may use such Samples in accordance with the applicable RD Plan without any obligation of compensation to the subjects fromwhom such Samples were obtained or any other Third Party for the intellectual property associated with, or any use of, such Samples. Confidential Treatment Requested- 29 - 3.5.2Sample Handling and DisposalAll Samples provided to FMI by or on behalf of Roche shall have been collected or shall be collected, handled, and transferred in compliance withApplicable Law and any applicable policies of any institutional review board, privacy board, or ethics committee with jurisdiction over thecollection, handling, and transfer of such material or information. Upon termination of the Agreement or the Work Stream requiring the use of theSamples, or upon completion of those activities requiring use of the Samples, FMI shall promptly return to Roche unused or remaining Samples, or,at FMI’s option, securely dispose of all unused or remaining Samples and provide Roche with a written notice of such disposal.Roche has authorization and all consents required for FMI to use the Samples in accordance with the RD Plans and the Agreement. FMI shalluse, store and handle all Samples in accordance with the RD Plans and all Applicable Laws. In the event of withdrawal of a subject’s consent,Roche will promptly notify FMI and FMI will destroy the corresponding unused Samples (as documented by written confirmation) or return suchSamples to Roche for destruction. 3.6Records; Reports; Audits 3.6.1Progress ReportsAt least [......] during the time a Work Stream remains in effect, unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, FMI shall have the obligation to prepareand provide to the JRDC a summary presentation on the progress of the work performed by FMI in the course of each Work Stream during thepreceding [......]. Promptly upon expiry of such Work Stream, other than the Molecular Information Platform Program, FMI shall provide a finalwritten report summarizing its activities under such Work Stream and the results thereof. 3.6.2Research RecordsEach Party shall maintain records of each Work Stream (or cause such records to be maintained), except Roche shall not have such obligation forthe Molecular Information Platform Program, in sufficient detail and in good scientific manner as will properly reflect all work done and resultsachieved by or on behalf of such Party in the performance of such Work Stream. All laboratory notebooks shall be maintained for no less than theterm of any Patent Rights issuing therefrom.In addition, during the Agreement and for [......] thereafter, FMI shall maintain all data provided to FMI by Roche, the Genomic Results, theFMI Advanced Genomic Analysis Results, Database Insights Database Query Results, and documentation necessary to demonstrate FMI’scompliance with the terms of this Agreement, including computerized records and files, in a secure area reasonably protected from fire, theft anddestruction; provided, however, that with respect to raw genomic data, FMI shall only be required to retain the original, unprocessed BAM filegenerated from its sequencing process and no other raw genomic data or intermediate BAM files created in processing to generate the Results. 3.6.3Regulatory Inspections and AuditRoche shall be entitled, upon reasonable notice and during FMI’s regular business hours, to visit FMI’s facility (and those facilities of itssubcontractors), including FMI’s CLIA-compliant Confidential Treatment Requested- 30 -facilities, to audit for quality assurance purposes its facilities, documentation and procedures used in conducting its activities pursuant to thisAgreement. Such audits may be conducted up to [......] and Roche shall use reasonable effort not to disrupt ongoing operations during suchaudits. FMI shall provide Roche with prompt notice of any governmental or regulatory review, audit or inspection of any of its facilities involved inthe development of the Molecular Information Platform, Immunotherapy Testing Platform, ctDNA Platform, or CDx Assays, and all Products andServices resulting therefrom, and FMI’s CLIA-compliant facilities. FMI shall provide Roche with (a) the results of any such review, audit orinspection (including a copy of the relevant sections of the report) to the extent such results pertain to any activities under this Agreement; and (b)the opportunity to provide assistance to FMI in responding to any such review, audit or inspection. 4.DiligenceRoche and FMI shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to perform their respective activities contemplated by this Agreement. 5.Most Favored CustomerFMI agrees that the pricing terms for Products and Services provided by FMI to Roche herein, and services provided under the MolecularInformation Platform Program, are, and will be, at least as favorable as the pricing terms granted by FMI to any existing customer or collaborator forsuch (or substantially similar) products or services. If FMI enters into any subsequent agreement with another customer or collaborator whichprovides for pricing terms for substantially the same product or services at substantially the same (or a lesser) scale, which pricing terms are morefavorable than those contained herein, then FMI shall notify Roche and Roche will have the right to modify this agreement to provide Roche withthose more favorable pricing terms. [......]. 6.Governance 6.1Joint Management CommitteeWithin sixty (60) days after the Effective Date, the Parties shall establish a JMC to ensure the smooth operation of the arrangements and activitiesenvisaged under this Agreement. 6.1.1MembersThe JMC shall be composed of six (6) persons (“Members”). Roche and FMI each shall be entitled to appoint three (3) Members with appropriateseniority and functional expertise. Each Party may replace any of its Members and appoint a person to fill the vacancy arising from each suchreplacement. A Party that replaces a Member shall notify the other Party at least ten (10) days prior to the next scheduled meeting of the JMC. BothParties shall use reasonable efforts to keep an appropriate level of continuity in representation. Both Parties may invite a reasonable number ofadditional experts and/or advisors to attend part or the whole JMC meeting with prior notification to the JMC. Members may be represented at anymeeting by another person designated by the absent Member. One JMC representative from a Party shall chair (“Chairperson”) the JMC on arotating annual calendar year basis, with the initial chairperson to be from Roche. The JMC will be made up of senior representatives from FMI andRoche, including alliance directors. The JMC may create and/or dissolve joint teams tasked with oversight of specific programs or projects, subjectto overall governance by the JMC. The role of the alliance directors will be to facilitate communication and collaboration between the Parties. Confidential Treatment Requested- 31 - 6.1.2Responsibilities of the JMCThe JMC shall have the responsibility and authority to: a)approve the RD Plans; b)establish, disband and set expectations and mandates for JRDC, JOC, JPT and JOTs, if applicable; c)oversee the JRDC, JOC, JPT and JOTs, if applicable; d)provide financial oversight for the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program and the CDx Development Program; and e)attempt to resolve any disputes escalated from the JRDC or JOC.The JMC shall have no responsibility and authority other than that expressly set forth in this section. 6.1.3MeetingsThe Chairperson or his/her delegate is responsible for sending invitations and agendas for all JMC meetings to all Members at least ten (10) daysbefore the next scheduled meeting of the JMC. The venue for the meetings shall be agreed by the JMC. The JMC shall hold meetings at least twiceper calendar year, either in person or by tele-/video-conference, and in any case as frequently as the Members of the JMC may agree shall benecessary, but not more than four times a year. The Alliance Director of each Party may attend the JMC meetings as a permanent participant. 6.1.4MinutesThe Chairperson is responsible for designating a Member to record in reasonable detail and circulate draft minutes of JMC meetings to all membersof the JMC for comment and review within twenty (20) days after the relevant meeting. The Members of the JMC shall have ten (10) days to providecomments. The Party preparing the minutes shall incorporate timely received comments and distribute finalized minutes to all Members of the JMCwithin thirty-five (35) days of the relevant meeting. The Chairperson approves the final version of the minutes before its distribution. 6.1.5Decisions 6.1.5.1Decision Making AuthorityThe JMC shall decide matters within its responsibilities set forth in Section 6.1.2. 6.1.5.2ctDNA PlatformFMI will have final decision-making rights at the JMC with respect to the ctDNA Platform Development, provided that FMI may not change thetimelines agree in Section 8.4, and any change to the Roche specifications (“TPP”) for a ctDNA Assay specifically requested by Roche as part ofthe RD Plan will require Roche’s prior approval. - 32 - 6.1.5.3Consensus; Good FaithThe Members of the JMC shall act in good faith to cooperate with one another and seek agreement with respect to issues to be decided by theJMC. The Parties shall endeavor to make decisions by consensus with each Party having one (1) vote. 6.1.5.4Failure to Reach ConsensusIf the JMC is unable to decide a matter by consensus, then the escalation procedure in Section 6.1.5.5 shall be applied. 6.1.5.5EscalationIf the JMC is unable to decide a matter by consensus, then such matter shall be referred to the Chief Executive Officer of FMI or equivalent positionor his/her nominee and the Chief Executive Officer of Roche or equivalent position or his/her nominee for resolution, who together shall usereasonable and good faith efforts to reach a decision by consensus within [......] after the date such matter is referred to them. If the Parties stillfail to reach a decision within such [......]. Any such decision shall constitute a decision of the JMC. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neitherParty may exercise deciding authority (i) to impose resource or financial burdens on the other Party for a Work Stream beyond the scope set forth inan agreed upon RD Plan for such Work Stream or Reserved Capacity under the Molecular Information Platform Program, or (ii) that would violateor amend the terms of this Agreement. The JMC will exist for the Agreement Term. 6.1.6Information ExchangeFMI and Roche shall exchange the information in relation to its activities under this Agreement through the JMC and FMI and Roche may askreasonable questions in relation to the above information and offer advice in relation thereto and Roche shall give due consideration to FMI’sinput. The JMC may determine other routes of information exchange. 6.1.7Subcommittees and Joint Operational TeamsThe JMC has the right to establish sub-committees or JOTs. The JRDC shall be established within thirty (30) days after the JMC is established. TheJOC shall be established as soon as the JMC deems it necessary. 6.2JRDCThe JRDC shall oversee the implementation of the Work Streams and to more generally identify opportunities for value creation in research anddevelopment activities between the Parties. The JDRC shall be composed of an equal number of persons from each Party, each person havingappropriate seniority and functional expertise. Each Party may replace any a person and appoint another person to fill the vacancy arising fromeach such replacement. The JRDC will strive to reach consensus on any matters within the committee’s authority with each Party having one (1)vote. Unresolved dispute at the JRDC will be escalated to the JMC. 6.2.1Responsibilities of the JRDCThe JRDC shall have the responsibility and authority to: a)recommend the RD Plans for approval by the JMC; b)review and recommend for approval any revisions to the RD Plans; Confidential Treatment Requested- 33 -c)review and oversee the execution of the RD Plans; d)establish timelines and criteria for decision points; e)determine whether criteria have been met, including whether the criteria as to whether milestones or events have been achieved; f)review the efforts of the Parties and allocate those resources for the RD Plans (including their budgets); g)identify appropriate resources necessary to conduct the RD Plans; h)oversee the progress of the Work Streams; j)monitor the development costs and manage reimbursement for FMI activities under this Agreement; k)determine for Products and Services Performance Specifications and identify Quality Standards applicable to respective Work Streams;and l)attempt to resolve any disputes.The JRDC shall have no responsibility and authority other than that expressly set forth in this section. 6.3JOCThe JOC shall plan and oversee the commercial, co-marketing, educational, and/or promotion activities between the Parties and to serve as a forumfor communicating generally about FMI’s products and strategies for global commercialization, as such activities are further described in the USEducation Collaboration Agreement and the Ex-US Commercialization Agreement. The JOC shall be composed of an equal number of persons fromeach Party, each person having appropriate seniority and functional expertise. A description of the roles, responsibilities, and workings of the JOCare described in the Ex-US Commercialization Agreement. Through the JOC, Roche may share with FMI knowledge and experience related tocountries and markets outside the United States, and will support the design and implementation of a global expansion plan for FMI products. TheJOC will strive to reach consensus on any matters within the committee’s authority, with each Party having one (1) vote. Unresolved disputes at theJOC will be escalated to the JMC. 6.4Alliance DirectorEach Party shall appoint one person to be the point of contact within each Party with responsibility for facilitating communication and collaborationbetween the Parties (each, an “Alliance Director”). The Alliance Directors shall be permanent participants of the JMC meetings (but not membersof the JMC) and may attend JDRC, JOC and JOT meetings as appropriate. The Alliance Directors shall facilitate resolution of potential and pendingissues and potential disputes to enable the JMC to reach consensus and avert escalation of such issues or potential disputes. 6.5Limitations of AuthorityNo committee, working group or individual shall have the authority to amend or waive any terms of this Agreement. - 34 -6.6ExpensesEach Party shall be responsible for its own expenses including travel and accommodation costs incurred in connection with the JMC. 6.7LifetimeThe JMC shall exist during the Agreement Term. 7.RegulatorySubject to the Related Agreements, FMI, [......], shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to pursue all regulatory affairs related to itsproducts and services developed under this Agreement (collectively, “Products and Services”) in the Territory including the preparation, filing andmaintenance of applications for regulatory approval, as well as any or all governmental approvals required to develop, have developed, make, havemade, use, have used, manufacture, have manufactured, import, have imported, sell and have sold such Products and Services. Subject to theRelated Agreements, FMI shall be responsible for pursuing, compiling and submitting all regulatory filing documentation, and for interacting withregulatory agencies, for all Products and Services in all countries in the Territory. Subject to the Related Agreements, FMI or its Affiliates shall ownand file in their discretion all regulatory filings and Regulatory Approvals for all Products and Services in all countries of the Territory. FMI shallsupply Roche with a copy of all material communications related to Products and Services to or from the Regulatory Authorities. Upon request ofRoche, FMI shall supply Roche with a copy of all such communications to or from the Regulatory Authorities.Subject to the Ex-US Commercialization Agreement, FMI, [......], shall report to appropriate Redulatory Authorities in accordance with localrequirements all adverse events related to use of the Products and Services in the Territory. 8.Payment 8.1FTE FundingRoche will be responsible for funding the FTEs in accordance with the RD Plans and budgets at the FTE Rate for performance of the research andother activities for which FMI is responsible under the RD Plans and for the database queries. Each individual included in the funded FTEs shallpossess a bachelor’s degree or higher in a relevant scientific discipline and shall be experienced in the type of research or other activities to beperformed by such individual under this agreement. 8.2Molecular Information Platform Program Fees 8.2.1Sample Profiling Fees 8.2.1.1Reserved Capacity FeesIn consideration for the Reserved Capacity and provision of the Sample Results associated with the Reserved Capacity, and subject to anyreduction resulting from the application of Article 5, Roche shall pay to FMI an amount equal to [......] for [......] of the Profiling Term [......] for the [......] of the Profiling Term (“Reserved Capacity Fees”). The Reserved Capacity Fees are paid as follows:[......] equal installments of [......] payable within [......] of receipt by Roche of an invoice from FMI, beginning with receipt by Roche ofa first invoice from FMI issued following the Effective Date and followed by [......] additional invoices at [......] intervals thereafter. Confidential Treatment Requested- 35 -[......] equal installments of [......] payable within [......] of receipt by Roche of an invoice from FMI, beginning [......] of theEffective Date and followed by [......] additional invoices at [......] intervals thereafter.For renewal terms, the agreed upon Reserved Capacity Fee shall be paid within [......] of receipt by Roche of an invoice from FMI at [......]intervals.The Reserved Capacity Fee payments shall be [......] against Roche’s Binding Order for such period, the amount of the Reserved Capacity Feebeing [......]. Actual Sample Profiling costs, based on delivery of Sample Results during the [......] to which the Reserved Capacity Feeapplies, shall be [......]. If actual Sample Profiling exceeds the amount of Sample Profiling paid by the Reserved Capacity Fees, then [......].Roche shall pay FMI for [......]. If a Binding Order causes Roche to [......]. Fees for Binding Orders shall [......]. 8.2.1.2Per Sample Profiling FeesThe per Sample Profiling fees (notwithstanding the Reserved Capacity Fee) shall be as follows:[......]. 8.2.2Molecular Information Database Access and Database Queries FeesFor Molecular Information Database Access and performance of Database Queries by FMI, Roche will pay FMI a total of [......] of theDatabase Term, (the “Database Access Fee”), which is comprised of funding for [......] FTEs, each at the FTE Rate, for performance of suchDatabase Queries and delivery of Database Insights, and a Database Access Fee of [......]. Roche shall pay to FMI the Database Access Fee[......] installments of [......], each payable every [......] of the Database term and within [......] after receipt by Roche of an invoicefrom FMI. 8.3Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Budget and Fees 8.3.1RD Plan BudgetRoche shall be solely responsible for Roche’s costs under the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Budget.Roche will pay FMI [......] of FMI Development Cost as agreed in the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Budget for development of the Immuno-Biomarker Discovery Platform.Roche will pay [......] of FMI Development Cost as agreed in the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Budget for Signature Identification. Confidential Treatment Requested- 36 -Such reimbursement of FMI Development Cost shall be paid [......] in arrears. Each [......], FMI shall invoice Roche for its share of FMIDevelopment Cost incurred in the previous [......]. Invoices shall be payable within [......] after receipt by Roche of an invoice from FMI. 8.3.2Payments for Achieving Certain Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development EventsIn addition to payment of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Budget as specified above, Roche shall pay FMI: (i)[......] on Initiation of the first Roche Clinical Study utilizing a Clinical Study assay, [......]. (ii)[......] on Initiation of the first Roche Clinical Study utilizing a Clinical Study assay, [......]. (iii)[......] on Initiation of the first Roche Clinical Study utilizing a Clinical Study assay, [......]. 8.3.3Immuno Clinical Study Assays requested by RocheRoche will pay [......] of FMI’s Development Costs for development of Immuno Clinical Study Assays as may be requested by Roche, subjectto an agreed upon budget for such development as provided for in Section 3.2.5. 8.3.4Immunotherapy CDx AssaysIf the Parties chose to develop an Immunotherapy CDx Assay, they the Parties shall agree to Roche paying certain costs and milestones for suchImmunotherapy CDx assay. 8.4ctDNA Platform Financial TermsFMI will be responsible for all FMI Development Cost for the ctDNA Platform Development. As part of the agreed upon ctDNA RD Plan, FMI willprovide sample testing performed under such ctDNA RD Plan at no cost to Roche (other than Roche’s cost in supplying FMI the Samplesspecified in the ctDNA RD Plan).Roche will pay FMI [......] if FMI successfully [......] set forth in the RD Plan (“Initial Roche ctDNA Assay”) within [......] from [......] (the “First ctDNA Milestone Date”). Payment by Roche shall be made within [......] after achieving the First ctDNA Milestone Date andthe receipt by Roche of an invoice from FMI.In addition, Roche will pay FMI [......] if FMI successfully [......] as agreed to in the RD Plan; provided that [......] (the “SecondctDNA Milestone Date”). Payment by Roche shall be made within [......] after achieving the Second ctDNA Milestone Date and the receipt byRoche of an invoice from FMI.The Parties may develop additional ctDNA Assays for use as Clinical Study assays, subject to an agreed financial structure for such work underthe RD Plan. Such additional development work will be conducted, if at all, pursuant to an amendment to this Agreement or a separate writtenagreement between the Parties. Confidential Treatment Requested- 37 -8.5CDx Development Financial Terms 8.5.1CDx Development CostsRoche shall pay FMI [......] of FMI Development Cost for CDx Development of Investigational markers in compliance with the investigationalCDx budget that forms part of the RD Plan.FMI shall pay [......] of the FMI Development Cost for Approved Markers.Such reimbursement of FMI Development Cost shall be paid [......] in arrears. Each [......], FMI shall invoice Roche for its share of the FMIDevelopment Cost incurred in the [......]. Invoices shall be payable within [......] after receipt by Roche of an invoice from FMI. 8.5.2PMA Event PaymentsFor each PMA approval corresponding to a Roche product, Roche shall pay FMI [......], within [......] after the occurrence of such eventand receipt by Roche of an invoice from FMI. 8.5.3Commercial Success Event PaymentsRoche shall pay FMI the following milestone payments upon achievement of CDx Assay report volumes by tissue type within the first [......]after [......] of the associated CDx Assay as specified below: (i)CDx Assays Including Investigational/Approved Marker(s) for [......]: [......]. (ii)CDx Assays Including Investigational/Approved Marker(s) for [......]: [......].Upon achievement of each of the CDx Assay volumes under this Section 8.5.3, FMI shall timely notify Roche and payment shall be made by Rochewithin [......] after achieving the applicable event and the receipt by Roche of an invoice from FMI.In the event the Parties wish to develop another CDx Assay other than those specified above for [......] and [......] pursuant to a CDx RDPlan, the Parties shall mutually agree to [......] milestones and payments for achieving them. 8.6General TermsAll rates and costs set forth herein shall remain firm for the Agreement Term and the services to be performed under each Work Stream, unlessotherwise agreed to in writing, shall be at the FTE Rate. FMI has an affirmative obligation to use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to negotiatefavorable terms for all FMI Development Cost that will be passed through FMI to Roche. FMI shall extend to Roche the benefit of any and alldiscounts and savings provided to FMI in connection with FMI Development Cost that will be passed through to Roche. Roche shall [......],any amounts in excess of the agreed upon budget. Confidential Treatment Requested- 38 -8.7Disclosure of PaymentsFMI acknowledges that Roche may be obligated to disclose this financial arrangement, including all fees, payments and transfers of value, as maybe advisable or required under Applicable Law, including the US Sunshine Act. 9.Accounting and reporting 9.1Timing of PaymentsPayments shall be made during the time periods set forth in this Agreement. If not stated explicitly, payments shall be made by Roche within [......] after Roche receives an invoice from FMI. 9.2Late PaymentAny payment under this Agreement that is not paid on or before the date such payment is due shall bear interest, to the extent permitted byApplicable Law, at [......] points above the average one-month Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), as reported by Reuters from time totime, calculated on the number of days such payment is overdue. 9.3Method of PaymentAll amounts payable hereunder shall be paid in US dollars (the “Payment Currency”) to account(s) designated by FMI. 10.TaxesFMI shall pay all sales, turnover, income, revenue, value added, and other taxes levied on account of any payments accruing or made to FMI underthis Agreement.If provision is made in law or regulation of any country for withholding of taxes of any type, levies or other charges with respect to any royalty orother amounts payable under this Agreement to FMI, then Roche or its relevant Affiliates shall promptly pay such tax, levy or charge for and onbehalf of FMI to the proper governmental authority, and shall promptly furnish FMI with receipt of payment. Roche shall be entitled to deduct anysuch tax, levy or charge actually paid from royalty or other payment due FMI or be promptly reimbursed by FMI if no further payments are dueFMI. Each Party agrees to reasonably assist the other Party in claiming exemption from such deductions or withholdings under double taxation orsimilar agreement or treaty from time to time in force and in minimizing the amount required to be so withheld or deducted. Confidential Treatment Requested- 39 -It is understood between the Parties that the agreed upon and/or applied remunerations and other payments under this Agreement for alltransactions between (a) FMI and (b) Roche are based on arm’s length and good faith considerations. Should such remunerations for products andservices or other payments nevertheless be challenged by any Governmental Authority including any tax authority in the US, or in Switzerland orother jurisdiction of Roche or its relevant Affiliates (“Roche’s Jurisdiction”): (a)FMI and Roche or its relevant Affiliates shall fully co-operate with each other with the objective to convince the challengingauthority that such remunerations for products and services and other payments are appropriate, including providing each otherwith copies of third party agreements if necessary to utilize as comparables to support the arm’s length nature of transactionsbetween FMI and Roche. In the event that the challenging authority is not convinced, the Parties shall request that the taxauthorities in the US and in Roche’s Jurisdiction initiate government-to-government procedures pursuant to the applicable bi-lateral convention for the avoidance of double taxation or similar treaty or convention (if any) between the US and Roche’sJurisdiction (“Competent Authority Procedures”). (b)In the event that the US tax authorities determine that such remunerations for products and services or other payments are notappropriate and levy an assessment on FMI, and such assessment results in a refund (or similar payment or credit) by or fromthe tax authorities in Roche’s Jurisdiction to Roche or its relevant Affiliate, then Roche shall pay (or shall ensure that Rocheshall pay) the amount of such refund to FMI. In the event that the tax authorities in Roche’s Jurisdiction determine that suchremunerations for products and services or other payments are not appropriate and levy an assessment on Roche, and suchassessment results in a refund (or similar payment or credit) by or from the US tax authorities to FMI then FMI shall pay (or shallensure that FMI shall pay) the amount of such refund to Roche. Each Party shall use its reasonable efforts to obtain such refund(or similar payment or credit). (c)In the event of such an assessment by either tax authority (an “Assessment”), the Parties agree to making adjustments to therelevant remunerations for products and services or other payments to levels agreed to by the tax authorities in both the US andRoche’s Jurisdiction as the result of Competent Authority Procedures. 11.Auditing 11.1Right to AuditEach Party shall keep, and shall require its Affiliates and Sublicensees to keep, full, true and accurate books of account containing all particularsthat may be necessary for the purpose of calculating all payments payable under this Agreement, including, for Roche, the right to audit materialsnecessary to ensure compliance with the most favored customer provisions of Article 5. Such books of accounts shall be kept at their principalplace of business. At the expense of the auditing Party, the auditing Party shall have the right to engage an internationally recognized, independentpublic accountant reasonably accept able to the other Party to perform, on behalf of such Party an audit of such books and records of the auditedParty and its Affiliates, its licensees and Sublicensees, that are deemed necessary for the period or periods requested by the auditing Party and thecorrectness of any financial report or payments made under this Agreement, including with respect to benefits and terms complying with the mostfavored - 40 -customer provisions of Article 5. For avoidance of doubt, all audits under this Section shall be conducted solely by an independent publicaccountant as described in the foregoing sentence.Upon timely request and at least [......] prior written notice from the auditing Party, such audit shall be conducted in the countries specificallyrequested by the auditing Party, during regular business hours in such a manner as to not unnecessarily interfere with the audited Party’s normalbusiness activities, and shall be limited to results in the [......] prior to audit notification.Such audit shall not be performed more frequently than [......] nor more frequently than [......] with respect to records covering, orimpacting in accordance with Article 5, any specific period of time.All information, data documents and abstracts herein referred to shall be used only for the purpose of verifying payment obligations, shall betreated as the audited Party’s Confidential Information subject to the obligations of this Agreement and need neither be retained more than [......] after completion of an audit hereof, if an audit has been requested; nor more than [......] from the end of the [......] to which eachshall pertain; nor more than [......] after the date of termination of this Agreement. 11.2Audit ReportsThe auditors shall only state factual findings in the audit reports and shall not interpret the agreement. The auditors shall share all draft auditreports with the auditing Party before the draft report is shared with the audited Party and before the final document is issued. The final audit reportshall be shared with the auditing Party at the same time it is shared with the audited Party. 11.3Over or UnderpaymentIf the audit reveals an overpayment by Roche, FMI shall reimburse Roche for the amount of the overpayment within [......]. If the audit revealsan underpayment by Roche, Roche shall make up such underpayment with the next payment or, if no further payments are owed by Roche, Rocheshall reimburse FMI for the amount of the underpayment within [......]. The audited Party shall pay for the audit costs if the underpayment ofthe audited Party exceeds [......] of the aggregate amount of royalty payments owed with regard to the period subject of the audit. Section 9.2shall apply to this Section 11.3. 11.4Duration of Audit RightsThe failure of a Party to request verification of any calculation within the period during which corresponding records must be maintained under thisArticle 11 will be deemed to be acceptance of the payments and reports. 12.Intellectual Property 12.1Ownership of Inventions, data and results 12.1.1In GeneralExcept as specifically set forth herein, FMI shall own all FMI Inventions, Roche shall own all Roche Inventions, and FMI and Roche shall jointlyown all Joint Inventions. FMI and Roche each shall require all of its employees to assign all inventions related to Products and Services made bythem to Roche and FMI, as the case may be. Confidential Treatment Requested- 41 -The determination of ownership of Inventions shall be determined in accordance with US inventorship laws as if such Inventions were made in theUS.Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, each Party shall retain full ownership and control of, and all rights in, its Background IP and anyimprovements or modifications thereto (“Roche Improvement IP” and “FMI Improvement IP” respectively). Roche Improvement IP shall mean anyimprovements or modifications to Roche’s Background IP discovered, conceived or reduced to practice after the Effective Date in the performanceof activities under this Agreement. FMI Improvement IP shall mean any improvements or modifications to FMI’s Background IP discovered,conceived or reduced to practice after the Effective Date in the performance of activities under this Agreement. All materials, information, data andwritings provided to FMI by or on behalf of Roche, in any form whatsoever, which were Controlled by Roche prior to being provided to FMI, shallremain the property of Roche; FMI shall acquire no right, title or interest in such materials, information, data and writings as the result of itsactivities under this Agreement.Except as specifically set forth herein, this Agreement shall not be construed, by implication, necessity or otherwise as (i) giving any of the Partiesany license, right, title, interest in or ownership to the Confidential Information; (ii) granting any license or right under any intellectual propertyrights; or (iii) representing any commitment by either Party to enter into any additional agreement. 12.1.2For the Molecular Information Platform ProgramSubject to the license granted to FMI under Section 2.1.2, Roche shall exclusively own all right title and interest to any information, results, andintellectual property from any Clinical Study undertaken or supported by Roche, including, without limitation, the Sample Results and informationand results from any Sample Profiling. FMI shall assign to Roche its rights to any intellectual property in or arising from the Sample Results (exceptfor FMI Improvements).Except as otherwise set forth herein, FMI shall exclusively own all right, title, and interest to any improvements or modifications to the FMIGenomic Analysis Platform that arise in connection with the performance of the work under the Molecular Information Platform Program.Roche shall exclusively own all information, results, and intellectual property from Advanced Genomic Analyses performed on Roche samples(“Roche-Owned Advanced Genomic Analysis Results”), and any inventions arising from the Roche-Owned Advanced Genomic Analysis Results,and FMI will assign all rights to any such inventions to Roche (except for FMI Improvements). 12.1.3For the Immunotherapy Testing Platform ProgramSubject to the license granted to FMI under Section 2.1.3, Roche shall exclusively own all data, results, and intellectual property therein arising fromprofiling samples provided by Roche to FMI for testing in the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development (except for FMI Improvements)(“Roche Immunotherapy Sample Results”), and FMI shall assign to Roche all such intellectual property. FMI shall not disclose RocheImmunotherapy Sample Results to third parties or use such results in work with Third Parties. - 42 -Roche shall exclusively own, and FMI shall assign to Roche, all intellectual property arising from the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Developmentthat Covers methods of treatment, stratifying patients, or identifying patients that would benefit from a particular treatment, and all other methodsuseful in connection with the therapeutic treatment of a patient.To the extent third-party intellectual property must be licensed for the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development, Roche and FMI shall jointlydecide on an appropriate in-licensing strategy and negotiate a fair cost sharing between the Parties in good faith; provided however, that FMI shallretain the right to take such a license at its own cost on such terms as it shall determine if the Parties cannot reach a timely agreement on how toproceed. 12.1.4For the ctDNA ProgramSubject to the license granted to FMI under Section 2.1.4, Roche shall exclusively own all data, results, and intellectual property arising from theprofiling of Roche samples in the ctDNA Platform Development Program (“Roche ctDNA Sample Results”). FMI shall not disclose Roche ctDNASample Results to third parties or use such results in work with third parties. 12.1.5For the CDx Development ProgramSubject to the license granted to Roche under Section 2.1.5, FMI shall exclusively own all intellectual property arising from the CDx Developmentthat Covers the CDx Assays (“FMI CDx IP”).Roche shall exclusively own all data, results, and intellectual property arising from analysis of its samples in the relevant CDx Development as wellas all intellectual property arising from the CDx Development Program to the extent that it is reasonably related to or Covers the relevant Rocheproduct including the use, formulation, and methods of treatment for the relevant Roche product (“Roche CDx Development IP”).To the extent third-party intellectual property must be licensed for the Investigational CDx Development or commercialization of the InvestigationalCDx Assays, Roche and FMI shall jointly decide on an appropriate in-licensing strategy and negotiate a fair cost sharing between the Parties ingood faith. 12.2German Statute on Employee’s InventionsIn accordance with the German Statute on Employees’ Inventions, each Party agrees to claim the unlimited use of any Invention conceived,reduced to practice, developed, made or created in the performance of, or as a result of, any Research Program by employees of any GermanAffiliates or any other persons acting on behalf of such German Affiliates For the avoidance of doubt each Party is responsible for fulfilling theAffiliates or any other persons acting on behalf of such German Affiliates. For the avoidance of doubt, each Party is responsible for fulfilling theobligations towards their employees under the German Statute of Employee’s Inventions. 12.3Prosecution and Maintenance of Patent Rights Claiming FMI InventionsFMI shall, at its own expense and discretion, (i) control and Handle all FMI Foreground Patent Rights, (ii) consult with Roche as to the Handling ofsuch FMI Foreground Patent Rights, and (iii) furnish to Roche copies of all material documents relevant to any such Handling. FMI shall furnishsuch documents and consult with Roche in sufficient time before any action by FMI is due to allow Roche to provide comments thereon, whichcomments FMI must consider. At FMI’s - 43 -expense and reasonable request, Roche shall cooperate, in all reasonable ways with the Handling of all FMI Foreground Patent Rights. If FMIelects not to Handle any FMI Foreground Patent Rights under this Section 12.3, then FMI shall provide at least [......] prior written notice toRoche. Thereafter, Roche shall have the right, but not the obligation to Handle any such notified FMI Foreground Patent Rights, at its sole expenseand its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and for clarity, FMI shall have no obligations to Roche under this Section 12.3 in regard toFMI Foreground Patent Rights relating to the Genomic Analysis Platform or the Molecular Information Database (including, without limitation,methods, procedures, and algorithms related to or embodied in each) that do not incorporate or rely on the continued use of Roche ConfidentialInformation. 12.4Prosecution and Maintenance of Roche Foreground Patent Rights and Joint Patent RightsRoche shall, at its own expense and discretion, control and Handle (including abandon) all Roche Foreground Patent Rights and Joint PatentRights. If Roche elects not to Handle any Patent Rights under this Section 12.4, then Roche shall provide at least [......] prior written notice toFMI. Thereafter, FMI shall have the right, but not the obligation to Handle any such notified Patent Rights, at its sole expense and its solediscretion. 12.5Joint Patent TeamWhere the Parties need to consult with each other on the Handling of Patent Rights, the Parties shall establish a joint patent team (“JPT”) and shalladopt procedures for interacting on patent matters. The JPT shall be subject to the oversight of the JMC. The JPT shall also serve as a forum forpromptly notifying the other Party when an Invention is made by a Party. 12.6CREATE ActIt is the intention of the Parties that this Agreement is a “joint research agreement” as that phrase is defined in Public Law 108-53 (“Create Act”)and applied in 35 USC §103(c)(3). If either Party intends to overcome a rejection of a claimed invention within the FMI Foreground Patent Rights orRoche Foreground Patent Rights pursuant to the provisions of the Create Act, then the Parties, through the JPT, shall work together in good faithto agree in writing how any rejection should be overcome. 12.7InfringementEach Party shall promptly provide written notice to the other Party during the Agreement Term of any (i) known infringement or suspectedinfringement by a Third Party of any FMI Background Patent Rights, FMI Foreground Patent Rights, Roche Background Patent Rights, RocheForeground Patent Rights or Joint Patent Rights, or (ii) known or suspected unauthorized use or misappropriation by a Third Party of any FMIBackground Know-How, FMI Know-How, Roche Background Know-How, Roche Know-How or Joint Know-How, and shall provide the other Partywith all evidence in its possession supporting such infringement or unauthorized use or misappropriation.Within [......] after a Party provides or receives such written notice (“Decision Period”), the Party Handling enforcement of such Patent Rightas set forth in this Section 2.7, in its sole discretion, shall decide whether or not to initiate such suit or action in the Territory and shall notify theother Party in writing of its decision in writing (“Suit Notice”). Confidential Treatment Requested- 44 -For any FMI Background Patent Right or sole FMI Patent Right, FMI in its sole discretion shall decide whether or not to initiate such suit or actionin the Territory. FMI shall have full discretion as to how it wishes to handle such suit and may reach Settlement under any terms and conditions itdesires and retain all damages, settlement fees or other consideration received in connection therewith. Only if a Settlement could adversely affectRoche shall the written consent of Roche be required, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The term “adversely affect” in theprevious sentence shall include, among other things, [......].For any sole Roche Background Patent Right or Roche Patent Right, Roche, in its sole discretion, shall decide whether or not to initiate such suit oraction in the Territory. Roche shall have full discretion as to how it wishes to handle such suit and may reach Settlement under any terms andconditions it desires and retain all damages, settlement fees or other consideration received in connection therewith. Only if a Settlement couldadversely affect FMI shall the written consent of FMI be required, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.If for a Joint Patent Right, Roche decides to bring a suit or take action, once Roche provides Suit Notice, Roche may immediately commence suchsuit or take such action. In the event that Roche (i) does not in writing advise FMI within the Decision Period that Roche will commence suit or takeaction, or (ii) fails to commence suit or take action within a reasonable time after providing Suit Notice, FMI shall thereafter have the right tocommence suit or take action in the Territory and shall provide written notice Roche of any such suit commenced or action taken by FMI.Upon written request, the Party bringing suit or taking action (“Initiating Party”) shall keep the other Party informed of the status of any such suitor action and shall provide the other Party with copies, to the extent the Initiating Party is lawfully permitted to do so, of all material documents orcommunications filed in such suit or action. The Initiating Party shall have the sole and exclusive right to select counsel for any such suit or action.The Initiating Party shall, except as provided below, pay all expenses of the suit or action, including the Initiating Party’s attorneys’ fees and courtcosts. Any damages, settlement fees or other consideration received as a result of such suit or action shall be allocated as follows: (a)First, to reimburse the Initiating Party for its costs and, if any remains, to the other Party for any advisory counsel fees and costs; and (b)Second, the balance, if any, shall be allocated [......].If the Initiating Party believes it is reasonably necessary or desirable to obtain an effective remedy, upon written request the other Party agrees tobe joined as a party to the suit or action but shall be under no obligation to participate except to the extent that such participation is required as theresult of its being a named party to the suit or action. At the Initiating Party’s written request, the other Party shall offer reasonable assistance tothe Initiating Party in connection therewith at no charge to the Initiating Party except for reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expensesincurred by the other Party in rendering such assistance. The other Party shall have the right to participate and be represented in any such suit oraction by its own counsel at its own expense.The Initiating Party may settle, consent judgment or otherwise voluntarily dispose of the suit or action (“Settlement”) without the written consentof the other Party but only if such Settlement can be achieved without adversely affecting the other Party (including any of its Patent Rights). If aSettlement could adversely affect the other Party, then the written consent of the other Party would be required, which consent shall not beunreasonably withheld. Confidential Treatment Requested- 45 -12.8DefenseIf an action for infringement is commenced against either Party, its licensees or its sublicensees related to such Party’s conduct of a Work Streamwithin the scope of an RD Plan then such Party shall defend such action at its own expense, and the other Party shall assist and cooperate withsuch Party, at its own expense, to the extent necessary in the defense of such suit. The defending Party shall have the right to settle the suit orconsent to an adverse judgment thereto, in its sole discretion, so long as such settlement or adverse judgment does not adversely affect the rightsof the other Party and its Affiliates (including any patent rights Controlled by any of them). The defending Party shall assume full responsibility forthe payment of any award for damages, or any amount due pursuant to any settlement entered into by it with such Third Party.If the manufacture, use, importation, offer for sale or sale of any Products and Services results in any claim, suit or proceeding alleging patentinfringement or trade secret misappropriation against FMI or a member of the Roche Group, then such Party shall promptly notify the other Partyhereto. The Parties shall cooperate with each other in connection with any such claim, suit or proceeding and shall keep each other reasonablyinformed of all material developments in connection with any such claim, suit or proceeding.If a Third Party asserts that Patent Rights owned by or licensed to it are infringed by the development, manufacture, use, importation, offer for saleor sale of products arising out of this Agreement by a member of the Roche Group, or that its trade secrets were misappropriated in connection withsuch activity, then Roche shall have the exclusive right and responsibility to resolve any such claim, whether by obtaining a license from suchThird Party, by defending against such Third Party’s claims or otherwise, and shall be solely responsible for the defense of any such action, anyand all costs incurred in connection with such action (including, without limitation, attorneys’ and expert fees) and all liabilities incurred inconnection therewith. Notwithstanding the above, Roche shall not enter into any settlement of any such claim without the prior written consent ofFMI if such settlement would require FMI to be subject to an injunction or to make any monetary payment to Roche or any Third Party, or admitany wrongful conduct by FMI or its Affiliates, or would limit or restrict the claims of or admit any invalidity and/or unenforceability of any of thePatent Rights Controlled by FMI, or have any impact on activities outside the Field. 12.9Common Interest DisclosuresWith regard to any information or opinions disclosed pursuant to this Agreement by one Party to each other regarding intellectual property and/ortechnology owned by Third Parties, the Parties agree that they have a common legal interest in determining whether, and to what extent, Third Partyintellectual property rights may affect the conduct of the Work Streams and/or Products and Services, and have a further common legal interest indefending against any actual or prospective Third Party claims based on allegations of misuse or infringement of intellectual property rightsrelating to the conduct of the Work Streams and/or Products and Services. Accordingly, the Parties agree that all such information and materialsobtained by FMI and Roche from each other will be used solely for purposes of the Parties’ common legal interests with respect to the conduct ofthe Agreement. All information and materials will be treated as protected by the attorney-client privilege, the work product privilege, and any otherprivilege or - 46 -immunity that may otherwise be applicable. By sharing any such information and materials, neither Party intends to waive or limit any privilege orimmunity that may apply to the shared information and materials. Neither Party shall have the authority to waive any privilege or immunity onbehalf of the other Party without such other Party’s prior written consent, nor shall the waiver of privilege or immunity resulting from the conduct ofone Party be deemed to apply against any other Party. 13.Representations and Warranties 13.1Mutual Representations and WarrantiesFMI and Roche each represent and warrant that:(a) it has all requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement;(b) it has no outstanding agreement or obligation that is in conflict with any of the provisions of this Agreement or that would preclude itspersonnel from complying with the provisions hereof;(c) all of its employees, officers and consultants have executed agreements requiring assignment to it of all Inventions made by such individualsduring the course of and as a result of their participation in activities under this Agreement;(d) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by it and all instruments and documents to be delivered by it hereunder: (i) are withinits corporate power; (ii) have been duly authorized by all necessary or proper corporate action; (iii) are not in contravention of any provision of anyof its formation or governing documents; (iv) to its knowledge, will not violate any law or regulation or any order or decree of any court ofgovernmental instrumentality; (v) will not violate the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease, agreement, or other instrument to whichit is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound, which violation would have an adverse effect on its financial condition or on its ability toperform its obligations hereunder; and (vi) do not require any filing or registration with, or the consent or approval of, any governmental body,agency, authority or any other person, which has not been made or obtained previously (other than approvals required under the HSR Act,Regulatory Approvals required for the sale of Products and filings with Regulatory Authorities required in connection with Products);(e) there are no claims or investigations (other than with respect to the Parties’ HSR filings), pending or threatened against it or any of its Affiliates,at law or in equity, or before or by any governmental authority relating to the matters contemplated under this Agreement or that would materiallyadversely affect its ability to perform its obligations hereunder; and(f) neither it nor any of its Affiliates is or will be under any obligation to any person, contractual or otherwise, that is conflicting with the terms ofthis Agreement or that would impede the fulfillment of its obligations hereunder. - 47 -13.2ActivitiesEach Party will perform all activities under this Agreement (i) in a professional manner, (ii) in conformance with the level or care and skill ordinarilyexercised by other professional institutions in similar circumstances, and (iii) in compliance with Applicable Law. 13.3Safety DataFMI represents and warrants that FMI has disclosed to Roche and will immediately continue to disclose to Roche any relevant safety data relevantto the Work Streams and assays being developed thereunder. 13.4Third Party Patent RightsFMI represents and warrants that FMI has no knowledge of the existence of any patent or patent application owned by or licensed to any ThirdParty that could prevent in the Territory the activities contemplated under this Agreement. 13.5InventorsFMI represents and warrants that FMI has obtained the assignment of, or a license under, the FMI Background Patent Rights necessary to grantthe licenses granted hereunder. FMI shall obtain the assignment of, or a license under, the FMI Foreground Patent Rights necessary to grant thelicenses granted hereunder. 13.6GrantsFMI represents and warrants that, to the best of FMI’s knowledge and belief, FMI has the lawful right to grant Roche and its Affiliates the rightsand licenses described in this Agreement. 13.7Ownership and Validity of Know-HowFMI represents and warrants that FMI’s Know-How is legitimately in the possession of FMI and has not been misappropriated from any ThirdParty. FMI has taken reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of its Know-How. 13.8Data Protection (Privacy) and Security. 13.8.1Study Data CollectionFMI shall collect and process Study Data in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and in compliance with Applicable Law with respectto the processing of Study Data, including but not limited to applicable international, US federal, state and local data protection and data securitylaws. 13.8.2Data ProtectionTo ensure the privacy and security of the health or medical data, including Study Data or other Personal Data related to this Agreement that FMIshall create, acquire, receive, maintain, or transmit as a result of entering into the Agreement, FMI shall implement adequate and reasonablesafeguards to prevent the use or disclosure of such information other than as provided for in the Agreement, and to protect the confidentiality,integrity, and availability of such information. In addition, FMI shall protect all such data, in accordance with applicable international DataProtection laws and US federal and state laws and regulations. - 48 - 13.8.3PrivacyFMI understands and agrees that the confidentiality, privacy and security requirements contained in this Agreement also apply to any permittedsub-contractors, temporary employees or other third-parties who receive any health or medical data, including Study Data, or other Personal Data,as a result of this Agreement. FMI will ensure that all of these parties enter substantially similar confidentiality, privacy and security agreementswith Institution. Copies of such Agreements shall be provided to Roche within seven (7) business days upon written request of Roche. 13.8.4TrainingFMI shall also ensure that its own employees, as well as any permitted subcontractors, temporary employees or other Third Parties who assist FMIin performing activities under the Agreement, and who have access to any health or medical data, including Study Data or other Personal Data, as aresult of this Agreement receive appropriate privacy and security training, which shall be updated periodically in accordance with applicable laws,regulations, and industry standard, or as otherwise reasonably requested by Roche. 13.8.5Processing of Study DataFMI, its Affiliates and agents shall not collect or process health or medical data, including Study Data or any other Personal Data related to thisAgreement, in a manner that involves the transfer of such Personal Data from one jurisdiction to any other jurisdiction (the EEA constituting asingle jurisdiction for this purpose), without prior written consent of Roche. 13.8.6ComplianceFMI undertakes to comply with its obligations (if any) under applicable legislation to notify any supervisory authority of its collection andprocessing activities under this Agreement and further agrees to take all such steps as Roche may reasonably require from time to time in order toenable Roche to comply with any notification obligation applicable to Roche. 13.8.7Data CollectionFMI will ensure that it does not collect any health or medical data, including Study Data, relating to individuals other than the categories of dataspecified in the protocol identified in the applicable Task Order and will collect and process Study Data for the sole purpose of the study identifiedin the applicable Task Order and not further process such data in any other manner. 13.8.8DisclosureFMI will not disclose health or medical data, including Study Data or any other Personal Data related to this Agreement to any Third Party outsideof the requirements of this Agreement without the prior permission in writing of Roche, except where such disclosure is required by any applicablelaw, regulation or supervisory authority, in which case the Institution will, wherever possible, notify Roche prior to complying with any suchrequest for disclosure and shall comply with all reasonable directions of Roche with respect to such disclosure. - 49 - 13.8.9Document RetentionFMI will have appropriate procedures in place for the destruction or purging of any medical or health data, including Study Data and any otherPersonal Data, related to this Agreement when the retention time that applies to the data has been reached. 13.8.10ProceduresFMI shall ensure that it has appropriate procedures in place to fulfill applicable International Data Protection laws and US federal and state or otherlegal requirements, should an individual request access to or changes to the health or medical data, including Study Data or any Personal Datarelated to this Agreement, maintained by Institution. Institution will notify Roche promptly (and in any event within [......] after receipt) of anycommunication received from a Data Subject relating to the Data Subject a right to access, modify or correct Study Data and to comply with allinstructions of Roche in responding to such communications. 13.8.11SurvivalFMI’s obligations to maintain privacy and security over medical or health data, including Study Data and other Personal Data received pursuant tothis Agreement, will survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. 13.8.12Security BreachAt any time during the processing of Persona Data, FMI shall notify Roche immediately (but no later than [......] from the date) of any DataSecurity Breach involving Roche data. FMI shall assist and cooperate with Roche concerning any disclosures to affected parties, government orregulatory agencies and with any other remedial measures requested by Roche or mandated by Applicable Law. 13.9No Other RepresentationsEXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RELATED AGREEMENTS BEING ENTERED INTO BY THE PARTIES ATTHIS TIME, THE FOREGOING REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ARE IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER REPRESENTATIONS ANDWARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR APARTICULAR PURPOSE OF PRODUCTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER FMI OR ROCHE BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTALOR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. 14.Indemnification 14.1Indemnification by RocheRoche shall indemnify, hold harmless and defend FMI and its directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all losses,expenses, cost of defense (including without Confidential Treatment Requested- 50 -limitation attorneys’ fees, witness fees, damages, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement) and any amounts FMI becomes legallyobligated to pay because of any claim or claims against it to the extent that such claim or claims arise out of Roche’s and its Affiliates’ actions orinactions in connection with activities under this Agreement, except to the extent such losses, expenses, costs and amounts are due to the grossnegligence or willful misconduct or failure to act of FMI. 14.2Indemnification by FMIFMI shall indemnify, hold harmless and defend Roche and its directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all losses,expenses, cost of defense (including without limitation attorneys’ fees, witness fees, damages, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement)and any amounts Roche becomes legally obligated to pay because of any claim or claims against it to the extent that such claim or claims arise outof FMI’s and FMI’s Affiliates’ actions or inactions in connection with activities under this Agreement, except to the extent that such losses,expenses, costs and amounts are due to the gross negligence or willful misconduct or failure to act of Roche. 14.3ProcedureIn the event of a claim by a Third Party against a Party entitled to indemnification under this Agreement (“Indemnified Party”), the IndemnifiedParty shall promptly notify the other Party (“Indemnifying Party”) in writing of the claim and the Indemnifying Party shall undertake and solelymanage and control, at its sole expense, the defense of the claim and its settlement. The Indemnified Party shall cooperate with the IndemnifyingParty and may, at its option and expense, be represented in any such action or proceeding by counsel of its choice. The Indemnifying Party shallnot be liable for any litigation costs or expenses incurred by the Indemnified Party without the Indemnifying Party’s written consent. TheIndemnifying Party shall not settle any such claim unless such settlement fully and unconditionally releases the Indemnified Party from all liabilityrelating thereto, unless the Indemnified Party otherwise agrees in writing. 15.LiabilityTHE FOREGOING REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ARE IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES NOTEXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN. FMI AND ROCHE DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITHRESPECT TO EACH OF THEIR RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION EFFORTS HEREUNDER, INCLUDING, WITHOUTLIMITATION, WHETHER THE PRODUCTS CAN BE SUCCESSFULLY DEVELOPED OR MARKETED, THE ACCURACY, PERFORMANCE,UTILITY, RELIABILITY, TECHNOLOGICAL OR COMMERCIAL VALUE, COMPREHENSIVENESS, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANYPARTICULAR PURPOSE WHATSOEVER OF THE PRODUCTS. 16.Obligation Not to Disclose Confidential Information 16.1Non-Use and Non-DisclosureDuring the Agreement Term and for [......] thereafter, a Receiving Party shall (i) treat Confidential Information provided by Disclosing Party as itwould treat its own information of a similar nature, (ii) take all reasonable precautions not to disclose such Confidential Information Confidential Treatment Requested- 51 -to Third Parties, without the Disclosing Party’s prior written consent, and (iii) not use such Confidential Information other than for fulfilling itsobligations or exercising its rights under this Agreement. If any Confidential Information is required to be disclosed by the Receiving Party or itsAffiliates to comply with a court or administrative order, the Receiving Party or its Affiliates, prior to making such disclosure, shall furnish as muchnotice as is reasonable under the circumstances to the Disclosing Party to enable it to resist such disclosure. 16.2Permitted DisclosureNotwithstanding the obligation of non-use and non-disclosure set forth in Section 16.1, the Parties recognize the need for certain exceptions to thisobligation, specifically set forth below, with respect to press releases, patent rights, publications, and certain commercial considerations. 16.3Press ReleasesFollowing the Effective Date, the Parties will issue a joint press release announcing the existence and selected key terms of this Agreement, in aform substantially similar to the template attached as Appendix 16.3.Each Party shall provide the other with a copy of any draft press release related to the activities contemplated by this Agreement at least ten (10)Business Days prior to its intended publication for such other Party’s review. The reviewing Party may provide the releasing Party with suggestedmodification to the draft press release. The releasing Party shall consider, and shall not unreasonably disregard, the reviewing Party’s suggestionsin issuing its press release. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Party must comply with its obligations under Section 16.1 and 16.5. 16.4PublicationsDuring the Agreement Term, the following restrictions shall apply with respect to disclosure by any Party of Confidential Information in anypublication or presentation. A Party (“Publishing Party”) shall provide the other Party with a copy of any proposed publication or presentation atleast [......] prior to submission for publication so as to provide such other Party with an opportunity to recommend any changes it reasonablybelieves are necessary to continue to maintain the Confidential Information disclosed by the other Party to the Publishing Party in accordance withthe requirements of this Agreement. The incorporation of such recommended changes shall not be unreasonably refused; and if such other Partynotifies (“Publishing Notice”) the Publishing Party in writing, within [......] after receipt of the copy of the proposed publication orpresentation, that such publication or presentation in its reasonable judgment (i) contains an invention, solely or jointly conceived and/or reducedto practice by the other Party, for which the other Party reasonably desires to obtain patent protection or (ii) could be expected to have a materialadverse effect on the commercial value of any Confidential Information disclosed by the other Party to the Publishing Party, the Publishing Partyshall prevent such publication or delay such publication for a mutually agreeable period of time. In the case of inventions, a delay shall be for aperiod reasonably sufficient to permit the timely preparation and filing of a patent application(s) on such invention, and in no event less than [......] from the date of the Publishing Notice. Confidential Treatment Requested- 52 -16.5Commercial ConsiderationsNothing in this Agreement shall prevent a Party or its Affiliates from disclosing Confidential Information of the other Party to (i) governmentalagencies to the extent required or desirable to secure government approval for the development, manufacture or sale of a product in the Territoryand (ii) Third Parties acting on behalf of a Party, to the extent reasonably necessary to conduct the activities contemplated by this Agreementprovided that such Third Parties are bound by confidentiality obligations with respect to such information that are no less stringent than thoseincluded in this Agreement. 17.Term and Termination 17.1Commencement and TermThis Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue for the Agreement Term. 17.2Termination 17.2.1Termination for BreachA Party (“Non-Breaching Party”) shall have the right to terminate this Agreement on a Work Stream-by-Work Stream basis, or, for Roche, on anApproved Marker or Investigational Marker basis in the case of the CDx Development Program, in the event the other Party (“Breaching Party”) isin material breach of any of its material obligations under the applicable Work Stream (or obligations pertaining to an Approved Marker orInvestigational Marker program). Failure of FMI to comply materially with Performance Specifications or Quality Standards shall be considered amaterial breach by FMI. For avoidance of doubt, a Non-Breaching Party shall only be permitted to terminate the Work Stream (or Approved Markeror Investigational Marker program) to which a material breach of a material obligation relates. The Non-Breaching Party shall provide written noticeto the Breaching Party, which notice shall identify the breach. Except in the event of a breach that, by its nature, is not amenable to cure, in whichcase termination may be made effective immediately, the Breaching Party shall have a period of [......] after such written notice is provided(“Peremptory Notice Period”) to cure such breach or, absent withdrawal of the Non-Breaching Party’s request for termination, the relevant WorkStream (or Approved Marker or Investigational Marker program) shall terminate; provided that, if the Breaching Party has a bona fide dispute as towhether such breach: (i) occurred, (ii) pertains to a material obligation, or (iii) has been cured, the Breaching Party will so notify the Non-BreachingParty, the relevant Work Stream (or Approved Marker or Investigational Marker program) shall not terminate and the expiration of the PeremptoryNotice Period shall be tolled until such dispute is resolved pursuant to Section 19.2. If such dispute is resolved by finding that the Non-BreachingParty is entitled to terminate the relevant Work Stream (or Approved Marker or Investigational Marker program), the Breaching Party may have theremainder of the Peremptory Notice Period to cure such breach. If such breach is not cured within the Peremptory Notice Period, then absentwithdrawal of the Non-Breaching Party’s request for termination, the relevant Work Stream (or Approved Marker or Investigational Markerprogram) shall terminate in accordance with the notice from the Non-Breaching Party as of the expiration of the Peremptory Notice Period. 17.2.2InsolvencyA Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, if the other Party incurs an Insolvency Event; provided, however, in the case of anyinvoluntary bankruptcy proceeding, such right to Confidential Treatment Requested- 53 -terminate shall only become effective if the Party that incurs the Insolvency Event consents to the involuntary bankruptcy or such proceeding isnot dismissed within [......] after the filing thereof. 17.2.3Termination by Roche without CauseRoche shall have the right to terminate the Agreement in its entirety, or on a Work Stream-by-Work Stream basis, except for the ctDNA WorkStream, upon [......] prior written notice, without cause. With regard to the CDx Development Program, Roche shall also have the right toterminate, without cause, the development of an Approved Marker and/or an Investigational Marker for inclusion in a CDx Assay, upon [......]prior written notice; provided however that this right shall expire with respect to each Approved Marker for inclusion in a particular CDx Assay atsuch time as FMI has completed analytical validation for such Approved Marker. With regard to the Molecular Information Platform Program,Roche shall have the right to terminate without cause either or both of the Sample Profiling or Molecular Information Database Access activitiesindividually. 17.2.4Termination by Roche for Frustration of PurposeRoche shall have the right to terminate the ctDNA Platform Development Program upon [......] prior written notice for frustration of purpose inthe event that the Clinical Study for which the ctDNA Assay is being developed is canceled. 17.3Consequences of Termination 17.3.1Termination in GeneralUpon any termination of the Agreement, a Work Stream (or Approved Marker or Investigational Marker program), or this Agreement under Section17.2.2, (i) FMI shall promptly return to Roche unused or remaining Samples that were provided for use in a terminated Work Stream (or related to therelevant Approved Marker or Investigational Marker), or, at Roche’s option, securely dispose of all such unused or remaining Samples and provideRoche with a written notice of such disposal, (ii) each Party shall wind-down their activities under the Agreement in a manner that is intended to beexpeditious and to mitigate losses arising from non-cancellable expenses and financial commitments to Third Parties, (iii) upon any termination byRoche under Section 17.2.3, or by FMI under Section 17.2.1 or Section 17.2.2, that includes the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development WorkStream, the obligations in Section 3.2.8 shall terminate, (iv) each Party shall continue to Control its own intellectual property, including PatentRights and Know-How, and Handle its own Patent Rights, and (v) Joint Patent Rights, if any, shall be handled by Roche subject to the provisionsof Section 12.4 and 12.6, and each Party shall have the right to fully exploit such Joint Patent Rights.17.3.2 Termination by FMI for Breach by Roche or Roche’s Insolvency; Termination by Roche Without Cause or for Frustration of PurposeUpon any termination by FMI for breach by Roche under Section 17.2.1, for Roche’s Insolvency under Section 17.2.2, by Roche without causeunder Section 17.2.3, or by Roche for frustration of purpose under Section 17.2.4: (i)The rights and licenses granted by FMI to Roche hereunder shall terminate for the terminated Agreement, or Work Stream, orportion of the Work Stream (as applicable, the “Terminated Matter”), on the effective date of termination; Confidential Treatment Requested- 54 - (ii)All licenses granted by Roche to FMI hereunder pertaining to the Terminated Matter become fully paid up, perpetual andirrevocable; (iii)Roche shall retain all licenses granted by FMI to Roche pertaining to intellectual property arising from work on the TerminatedMatter prior to termination, provided, however, FMI shall be under no obligation to Handle any patent or patent applicationarising from Terminated Matters and may freely abandon (without offering Roche the right to Handle) or license (but, for clarity,not exclusively license or assign without Roche’s consent if Roche retains license rights) such patent or patent application. (iv)Within [......] after the effective date of termination and receipt by Roche of an invoice from FMI, Roche shall pay to FMI thefollowing amounts: a.In the event of termination of the Molecular Information Platform Program Work Stream, Roche shall pay FMI all [......] that would be owed over the remainder of the Agreement Term, or any [......], plus any applicableincremental per Sample Profiling Fees for Sample Profiling performed by FMI during the year in which terminationoccurs that are [......]; b.In the event of termination of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Work Stream, (1) for avoidance ofdoubt, Roche shall pay FMI Roche’s share of any FMI Development Costs incurred in connection with theImmunotherapy Testing Platform Development Work Stream as of the effective date of termination that were notpreviously paid by Roche; (2) (A) if the effective date of termination occurs prior to FMI’s completion of the Immuno-Biomarker Discovery Platform, then Roche will pay FMI for the entirety of the FMI Development Costs FMI incurred inconnection with FMI’s performance of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Work Stream, excluding anyportion that was previously paid by Roche, or (B) if the effective date of termination occurs after FMI’s commencementof Signature Identification services, then Roche will pay FMI for the entirety of the FMI Development Costs FMIincurred prior to the effective date of termination in connection with any ongoing performance of SignatureIdentification work by FMI, excluding any portion of such FMI Development Costs that was previously paid by Rocheor that is payable by Roche under the foregoing clause (1); and (3) Roche shall pay FMI in accordance with Section8.3.2 with respect to signatures developed by FMI prior to the effective date of termination. c.In the event of termination of the ctDNA Platform Development Program Work Stream, Roche shall have no contractualpayment obligation under this Section 17.3.2; provided, however, that Roche shall be obligated to honor paymentobligations triggered prior to the effective date of termination; d.In the event of termination of the CDx Development Program Work Stream: for avoidance of doubt, Roche shall pay anyFMI Development Costs in connection with the development of an Investigational Marker as specified by Section 8.5.1incurred as of the effective date of termination that were not previously paid by Roche and any non-cancellablecommitments reasonably incurred by FMI in Confidential Treatment Requested- 55 - anticipation of receiving PMA with regard to any Investigational Marker to the extent not re-allocable to FMI’s otherbusiness activities, including without limitation, all accrued amounts under any individual CDx RD Plan entered intoby the Parties as described in Section 3.4.8 above; (ii) if the effective date of such termination is after FMI hascompleted analytical validation of any Investigational Marker for inclusion in a CDx Assay, then Roche shall remainobligated to pay a fee for each such terminated Investigational Marker equal to [......] upon PMA approval; and (iii)the milestone payments specified under Section 8.5.3 shall apply with respect to CDx Assays containing any ApprovedMarker and/or Investigational Marker; and e.In the event of termination of the Agreement in its entirety under 17.2.2, Roche shall pay to FMI all amounts under theforegoing subsections (a) through (d) (inclusive) as applicable, if such fees become payable. (v)FMI shall retain all rights and remedies available to it under law and equity in connection with breach by Roche under Section17.2.1 or other termination under Section 17.2.2, Section 17.2.3, or 17.2.4, provided, however, that in the case of termination of theMolecular Information Platform Program under Section 17.2.1 or Section 17.2.3 above, FMI’s exclusive remedy (other than forbreach of confidentiality under Section 16.1) shall be the accelerated payments specified under Section 17.3.2(iv)a.For avoidance of doubt, in the event FMI terminates the Agreement in its entirety due to Roche’s Insolvency, all Work Streams and other activitiesunder the Agreement will be deemed to be terminated and all of the applicable effects of termination in this Section 17.3.2 shall apply. 17.3.3Termination by Roche for Breach by FMI or FMI InsolvencyUpon any termination by Roche for breach by FMI under Section 17.2.1 or FMI’s Insolvency, under Section 17.2.2: (i)The rights and licenses granted by Roche to FMI under Section 2.1 shall terminate for each terminated Work Stream, on theeffective date of termination, except that the rights granted to FMI under Section 2.1.2 shall survive such termination; (ii)All licenses granted by FMI to Roche hereunder pertaining to a terminated Work Stream become fully paid up, perpetual andirrevocable; (iii)The [......] under Section 3.2.10 shall survive termination of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Work Stream; (iv)The [......] under Section 3.3.9 shall survive termination of the ctDNA Platform Development Program Work Stream; (v)Within [......] after the effective date of termination and receipt by Roche of an accounting from FMI, FMI shall pay toRoche any unused Reserved Capacity Fees and Database Access Fees previously paid pursuant to Section 8.2.1.1 or any otherunused and pre-paid amounts; Confidential Treatment Requested- 56 - (vi)FMI shall transfer to Roche all FMI Know-How, other than FMI Know-How pertaining to the Molecular Information PlatformProgram, necessary for Roche to practice the Terminated Matter, solely for the purposes or practicing the Terminated Matter,including any necessary algorithms; and (vii)Roche shall retain all rights and remedies available to it under law and equity in connection with such breach by FMI.For avoidance of doubt, in the event Roche terminates the Agreement in its entirety due to FMI’s Insolvency, all Work Streams and other activitiesunder the Agreement will be deemed to be terminated and all of the applicable effects of termination in this Section 17.3.3 shall apply. 17.3.4Direct LicenseIrrespective of anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any existing, permitted sublicense granted by a Party under this Agreement (and anyfurther sublicenses thereunder) shall, upon a termination of the license granted hereunder that pertains to such sublicense, shall terminate;provided that if the licensee Party so requests in writing, the licensor Party shall negotiate with the relevant sublicensee towards the grant of adirect license of rights, provided that such sublicensee is not then in breach of its sublicense agreement with the licensee Party. 17.4Other ObligationsTermination of this Agreement by a Party, for any reason, shall not release Roche from any obligation to make payments to FMI that are due andpayable prior to the effective date of termination. Termination of this Agreement by a Party, for any reason, will release Roche from any obligationto any payments to FMI that would otherwise become due or payable on or after the effective date of termination. 17.5SurvivalIn addition to any provisions that expressly survive in accordance with Article 17.3, Article 1 (Definitions, to the extent necessary to interpret theAgreement), Section 3.5.2 (Sample Handling and Disposal, to the extent applicable), Section 10 (Taxes), Section 12.1 (Ownership of Inventions),Section 12.9 (Common Interest Disclosures), Section 13.8.11 (Survival of Privacy and Security Obligations), Article 14 (Indemnification), Article 16(Obligation Not to Disclose Confidential Information), Section 17.3 (Consequences of Termination), Section 17.5 (Surival), Section 19.1 (GoverningLaw), and Section 19.3 (Arbitration) shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason. Notwithstanding the foregoing,any provision of this Agreement that is intended by its very nature to survive expiration or termination of this Agreement shall also survive. 18.BankruptcyAll licenses (and to the extent applicable rights) granted under or pursuant to this Agreement by FMI to Roche are, and shall otherwise be deemedto be, for purposes of Section 365(n) of Title 11, US Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”) licenses of rights to “intellectual property” as defined underSection 101(35A) of the Bankruptcy Code. Unless Roche elects to terminate this Agreement, the Parties agree that Roche, as a licensee orsublicensee of such rights under this Agreement, shall retain and may fully exercise all of its rights and elections under the Bankruptcy Code,subject to the continued performance of its obligations under this Agreement. - 57 -19.Miscellaneous 19.1Governing LawThis Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New York, US, without reference to its conflict of lawsprinciples, and shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention of International Contracts on the Sale of Goods (the Vienna Convention). 19.2DisputesUnless otherwise set forth in this Agreement, in the event of any dispute in connection with this Agreement, such dispute shall be referred to therespective executive officers of the Parties designated below or their designees, for good faith negotiations attempting to resolve the dispute. Thedesignated executive officers are as follows: For FMI:CEOForRoche:Head of Roche Partnering 19.3ArbitrationShould the Parties fail to agree within [......] after such dispute has first arisen, it shall be finally settled by arbitration in accordance with theRules of American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) as in force at the time when initiating the arbitration. The tribunal shall consist of threearbitrators. The place of arbitration shall be New York, New York, US. The language to be used shall be English. 19.3.1ArbitratorsEach Party shall nominate one arbitrator. Should the claimant fail to appoint an arbitrator in the request for arbitration within [......] of beingrequested to do so, or if the respondent should fail to appoint an arbitrator in its answer to the request for arbitration within [......] of beingrequested to do so, the other Party shall request the AAA to make such appointment.The arbitrators nominated by the Parties shall, within [......] from the appointment of the arbitrator nominated in the answer to the request forarbitration, and after consultation with the Parties, agree and appoint a third arbitrator, who will act as a chairman of the Arbitral Tribunal. Shouldsuch procedure not result in an appointment within the [......] time limit, either Party shall be free to request the AAA to appoint the thirdarbitrator.Where there is more than one claimant and/or more than one respondent, the multiple claimants or respondents shall jointly appoint one arbitrator.Any Party-appointed arbitrator or the third arbitrator resigns or ceases to be able to act, a replacement shall be appointed in accordance with thearrangements provided for in this clause.The language of the arbitration shall be English. Documents submitted in the arbitration (the originals of which are not in English) shall besubmitted together with an English translation. 19.3.2Decisions; Timing of DecisionsThe arbitrators shall render a written opinion setting forth findings of fact and conclusions of law with the reason therefor stated, within no laterthan [......] from the date on which the arbitrators were appointed to the dispute. A transcript of the evidence adduced at the arbitration hearingshall be made and, upon request, shall be made available to each Party. Confidential Treatment Requested- 58 -The time periods set forth in the AAA Arbitration Rules shall be followed; provided however that the arbitrators may modify such time periods asreasonably necessary to render a written opinion in accordance with this Section 19.3.2.The Arbitrator is empowered to award any remedy allowed by law, including money damages, prejudgment interest and attorneys’ fees, and togrant final, complete, interim, or interlocutory relief, including injunctive relief.This arbitration agreement does not preclude either Party seeking conservatory or interim measures from any court of competent jurisdictionincluding, without limitation, the courts having jurisdiction by reason of either Party’s domicile. Conservatory or interim measures sought by eitherParty in any one or more jurisdictions shall not preclude the Arbitral Tribunal granting conservatory or interim measures. Conservatory or interimmeasures sought by either Party before the Arbitral Tribunal shall not preclude any court of competent jurisdiction granting conservatory or interimmeasures.In the event that any issue shall arise which is not clearly provided for in this Section 19.3, the matter shall be resolved in accordance with the AAAArbitration Rules.Any arbitration proceeding hereunder shall be confidential and the arbitrators shall issue appropriate protective orders to safeguard each Party’sConfidential Information. Except as required by law, neither Party shall make (or instruct the arbitrators to make) any public announcement withrespect to the proceedings or decision of the arbitrators without prior written consent of the other Party. The existence of any dispute submitted toarbitration, and the award, shall be kept in confidence by the Parties and the arbitrators, except as required in connection with the enforcement ofsuch award or as otherwise required by Applicable Law.Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any and all issues regarding the scope, construction, validity and/or enforceability ofany Patent Rights shall be determined in a court of competent jurisdiction under the local patent laws of the jurisdictions having issued the PatentRights in question.Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any and all issues regarding a breach or alleged breach of a Party’s obligations underArticle 16 (Obligation Not to Disclose Confidential Information) shall be determined in a court of competent jurisdiction under the laws of New York,with express exclusion of its conflict of laws principles. 19.4AssignmentNeither Party shall have the right to assign the present Agreement or any part thereof to any Third Party other than Affiliates without the priorwritten approval of the other Party. 19.5Debarment and Exclusion 19.5.1Past ActivitiesEach Party represents and warrants that it has never been debarred under 21 U.S.C. §335a, disqualified under 21 C.F.R. §312.70 or §812.119,sanctioned by a Federal Health Care - 59 -Program (as defined in 42 U.S.C §1320 a-7b(f)), including without limitation the federal Medicare or a state Medicaid program, or debarred,suspended, excluded or otherwise declared ineligible from any other similar Federal or state agency or program. In the event a Party receives noticeof debarment, suspension, sanction, exclusion, ineligibility or disqualification under the above-referenced statutes, such Party shall immediatelynotify the other Party in writing and such other Party shall have the right, but not the obligation, to terminate this Agreement, effective, at suchother Party’s option, immediately or at a specified future date. 19.5.2Future ActivitiesEach Party agrees that, to the best of its knowledge, none of its employees or agents conducting activities on its behalf under the Agreement iscurrently or will be during the term of this Agreement, debarred under 21 U.S.C. §335a, disqualified under 21 C.F.R. §312.70 or §812.119, sanctionedby a Federal Health Care Program (as defined in 42 U.S.C §1320 a-7b(f)), including without limitation the federal Medicare or a state Medicaidprogram, or debarred, suspended, excluded or otherwise declared ineligible from any other similar Federal or state agency or program. In the event aParty learns that any such employee or agent becomes so debarred, sanctioned, suspended, excluded or declared ineligible or is the subject ofproceedings that may result in such debarment, sanction, suspension, exclusion or ineligibility, it will promptly so notify the other Party and will nolonger allow such employee or agent to conduct activities under this Agreement. 19.6Independent ContractorNo employee or representative of either Party shall have any authority to bind or obligate the other Party to this Agreement for any sum or in anymanner whatsoever or to create or impose any contractual or other liability on the other Party without said Party’s prior written approval. For allpurposes, and not- withstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, FMI legal relationship to Roche under this Agreement shallbe that of independent contractor. 19.7Unenforceable Provisions and SeverabilityIf any of the provisions of this Agreement are held to be void or unenforceable, then such void or unenforceable provisions shall be replaced byvalid and enforceable provisions that will achieve as far as possible the economic business intentions of the Parties. However the remainder of thisAgreement will remain in full force and effect, provided that the material interests of the Parties are not affected, i.e. the Parties would presumablyhave concluded this Agreement without the unenforceable provisions. 19.8WaiverThe failure by either Party to require strict performance and/or observance of any obligation, term, provision or condition under this Agreement willneither constitute a waiver thereof nor affect in any way the right of the respective Party to require such performance and/or observance. Thewaiver by either Party of a breach of any obligation, term, provision or condition hereunder shall not constitute a waiver of any subsequent breachthereof or of any other obligation, term, provision or condition. 19.9AppendicesAll Appendices to this Agreement shall form an integral part to this Agreement. - 60 -19.10Entire UnderstandingThis Agreement contains the entire understanding between the Parties hereto with respect to the within subject matter and supersedes any and allprior agreements, understandings and arrangements, whether written or oral. 19.11AmendmentsNo amendments of the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be binding upon either Party hereto unless in writing and signed by bothParties. 19.12InvoicesAll invoices that are required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and sent by FMI to Roche at the following address or other address asRoche may later provide:F. Hoffmann-La Roche LtdKreditorenbuchhaltung4070 BaselSwitzerland 19.13NoticeAll notices that are required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and sufficient if delivered personally, sent by facsimile (and promptlyconfirmed by personal delivery, registered or certified mail or overnight courier), sent by nationally recognized overnight courier or sent byregistered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, addressed as follows: if to FMI, to:Foundation Medicine, Inc.150 Second StreetCambridge, Massachusetts 02141Attn: Legal DepartmentFacsimile No.: 1 617 418 2201if to Roche, to:F. Hoffmann-La Roche LtdGrenzacherstrasse 1244070 BaselSwitzerlandAttn: Legal DepartmentFacsimile No.: 41 61 688 13 96and:Hoffmann-La Roche Inc.150 Clove RoadSuite 8Little Falls, New Jersey 07424USAttn. Corporate SecretaryFacsimile No.: 1 973 890-8433 - 61 -or to such other address as the Party to whom notice is to be given may have furnished to the other Party in writing in accordance herewith.[Signature Page Follows] - 62 -IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have entered into this Agreement as of the Effective Date. Foundation Medicine, Inc./s/ Steven J. KafkaName:Steven J. KafkaTitle:Chief Operating Officer F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd/s/ Jason Coloma/s/ Stefan ArnoldName: Jason ColomaName: Stefan ArnoldTitle:Global Head of Venture Innovation, Roche PartneringTitle:Head Legal Pharma Hoffmann-La Roche Inc./s/ John P. PariseName:John P. PariseTitle:Authorized Signatory Appendix 1.28Excluded Patent Rights[......]. Confidential Treatment RequestedA-1Appendix 1.57[......] Confidential Treatment RequestedA-2Appendix 1.64[......] Confidential Treatment RequestedA-3Appendix 3.1.3Form of Task OrderTASK ORDER FOR MOLECULAR INFORMATION PLATFORM AGREEMENTThis [Insert number of Task Order] Task Order is effective as of the last date below (“Task Order Effective Date.TASK: [Insert Task Name]FMI Reference Number: [Insert FMI Reference Number] Roche Contact:[Insert Roche Contact]This Task is divided into the following six sections: A.Task Activities Description of the Task Activities to be performed. B.Schedule Task start date, projected end date and checkpoint dates (if any). C.Dependencies Obligations, technology requirements. D.Deliverables Identifiable work product resulting from the Task. E.Fee Fixed price or time materials rates and payment schedules. F.Special Terms Terms applicable to this specific effort not addressed by this Agreement. A.Task Activities [Describe Task Activities to be provided] B.Schedule [Describe schedule for Task Activities to be provided and specify the duration of the Task Activities] C.Dependencies [Describe dependencies as relating to the Task Activities] D.Deliverables [Describe deliverables as relating to the Task Activities] E.Fee [Describe payment schedule and form of payment for the Task Activities] F.Special Terms [Describe any special terms for the Task Activities]Signatures of Project Managers FMIROCHEBy: By: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: A-5Appendix 3.1.6[......] Confidential Treatment RequestedA-6Appendix 3.2.4Excluded Contracts[......] Confidential Treatment RequestedA-7Appendix 3.5.1FMI Specimen Requirements Appendix 16.3Form of Press Release A-9