AMENDMENT NO. 2Dated as of March 27, 2006Reference is hereby made to that certain fully executed Wireless Content License Agreement Number 12965 dated as of December16, 2004, as amended November 11, 2005, (“Agreement”), between Fox Mobile Entertainment, Inc. (“Fox”), as Administrator forTwentieth Century Fox Film Corporation (“Trademark Licensor”) and Glu Mobile, Inc. f/k/a Sorrent, Inc. (“Licensee”).The parties agree to modify the Agreement as follows:A. “ICE AGE 2” a/k/a “ICE AGE: THE MELTDOWN” AUDIO AND VIDEO WIRELESS PRODUCTS:1. Grant of Rights: Fox grants to Licensee a limited, non-exclusive right and license to distribute the following WirelessProducts in connection with the Property “ICE AGE: THE MELTDOWN” in the United States: (A) 2 Scrat voicetones; (B) 2John Leguizamo voicetones; and (C) 3 premium videos. Fox also grants Licensee a limited, non-exclusive right and license todistribute the following Wireless Products in connection with the Property “ICE AGE 2” outside of the United States: (A) 4Scrat voicetones; (B) 1 John Leguizamo voicetone; and (C) 3 premium videos. (collectively, “IA2 Audio and Video WirelessProducts”)B. IA 2 AUDIO AND VIDEO WIRELESS PRODUCTS ROYALTY:1. Royalty: In consideration of the rights granted to Licensee pursuant to this Amendment 2, Licensee shall pay to Fox, orsuch other party as Fox may designate in writing, a royalty in the following amount:(a) From the first unit sold, Fox shall earn a royalty at the rate of percent (%) of Licensee’s Gross Receipts(as defined in the Agreement) from Licensee’s sale and distribution of the IA2 Audio and Video Wireless Products.(“IA2 Audio and Video Royalty”). For the avoidance of doubt, Licensee may not recoup any portion of the Ice Age 2Guarantee (as defined in Amendment 1) through its sale and distribution of the IA2 Audio and Video Wireless Products.2. VGSL and other CSP Accounting: All VGSL and other CSP payments remitted directly to Fox pursuant to the VGSLAgreement and other CSP agreements with respect to the IA Audio and Video Wireless Products shall be treated in the samemanner as set forth in Paragraphs 7(b)(ii) and 7(b)(iii) of the Agreement. The omitted portions of this exhibit have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a requestfor confidential treatment under Rule 406 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933.Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007 3. No Direct-to-Consumer Distribution Royalty: Licensee shall not be entitled to receive a share of any revenues and shallhave no claim to any revenues earned and collected by Fox, or a third-party Fox designates, for the IA2 Audio and VideoWireless Products which Fox distributes through its and its assigns’ direct-to-consumer distribution channels.Except as herein expressly amended or by necessary implication modified by this Amendment, the Agreement in all other respectsis hereby ratified and shall continue in full force and effect.By signing in the places indicated below, the parties hereto accept and agree to all of the terms and conditions hereof.Glu Mobile, Inc. f/k/a Sorrent, Inc. (“Licensee”)Fox Mobile Entertainment, Inc. (“Fox”)By: /s/ PAUL ZUZELOBy: /s/ JAMIE SAMSONJamie SamsonName: Paul ZuzeloIts: Senior Vice PresidentIts: CAODate: March 28, 2006Date: 3/28/06Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007