EXHIBIT 10.3SUPPLY AGREEMENTThis Agreement (“the Agreement”), is made by and between EWSD 1, LLC, d/b/a/ SHI FARMS (“Shi Farms”), a Delaware limitedliability company and Gridiron BioNutrients, Inc, a Nevada Corporation (“Gridiron”) , each individually “a Party,” and collectively,“the Parties.”WHEREAS Shi Farms grows industrial hemp and wishes to sell hemp biomass (“Product”); andGridiron wishes to purchase Product from Shi Farms; andBoth Parties acknowledge that Shi Farms is the owner of the Product as defined below; and Shi Farms is willing to sell Product toGridiron and Gridiron desires to acquire in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth below.NOW, THEREFORE for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, theParties agree as follows:1.Products and PaymentsA.Product. Shi Farms agrees to sell Product and Gridiron agrees to purchase 30,000 lbs. of hemp biomass (“Biomass”)from Shi Farms. Biomass must contain a minimum of six percent (6%) total Cannabidiol (CBD/and or CBDA) and allBiomass must have less than three percent (3%) total TCH content. The Biomass must contain no contaminates thatare above acceptable industry standards for processing Biomass including but not limited to: Mold and Mildew; Non-Hemp Plant Material; Soil; Insects; Rodent Droppings; Wet or Rotting Material; Heavy Metals; Residual Pesticides orHerbicides; Bacteria.B.Pricing. Both Parties mutually agree that the Purchase Price of the Product is determined on a 5.00 per pound basisfor a total cost of one hundred fifty thousand dollars (150,000).C.Certificate of Analysis (COA). Both Parties agree that CBD potency numbers are determined by a third-party labaccording to standard testing protocol which was provided by the seller. Buyer may take their own samples (“ProductSamples”) for testing as well.D.Payment. Both Parties agree that once the Parties have agreed to transaction which includes the purchase and sale ofthe Product that the Buyer will remit payment upon execution of this agreement.E.Quarantine. Once the payment has been received, Shi Farms will use its best efforts to quarantine product to ensuresafe keeping of the Product until delivery date as agreed by the Parties.F.Delivery. Product Samples. The point of delivery of the Product Samples shall be a laboratory determined by Gridiron, ifGridiron determines that third party analysis of the Biomass is required for processing. Shi Farms shall be responsibleto ship the Product Samples to the designated laboratory. Biomass. Shi Farms shall be responsible for delivery of theBiomass to the processor determined by Gridiron, in good form as described above “A. Product”.12.Term and Termination.A.Termination. Either Party may terminate this Agreement at any time prior to delivery of the Product.3.Indemnification. Gridiron and affiliated parties shall indemnify and hold Shi Farms harmless from any claims, losses, actions,damages, liabilities, taxes , obligations, fines, proceedings, deficiencies and out of pocket costs and expenses (including butnot limited to attorneys’ fees and disbursements) without limitation resulting from or arising out of any inaccuracy or breachof any representation or warranty; any non-performance or any obligation incurred by Gridiron and its affiliated parties. Ifany claim or legal proceeding is filed by a third party, prompt notice is required by the one to the other.4.Notices. All notices required or permitted under this Agreement must be in writing and delivered by email or personaldelivery on the date sent; or if my facsimile on the date sent; or if by certified US mail on the third business day followingsuch mailing; or if by overnight courier, on the next business day.Shi Farms:214 39th LanePueblo, CO 81006ATTN: Steven TuretskyGridiron: 1119 West 1st Ave - Suite GSpokane, WA 99021ATTN: Tim Orr5.Entire Agreement.A.Amendment, Waiver, Assignment. This Agreement may not be waived, amended or assigned without an agreed writtenand signed document, signed by both Parties.B.Governing Law. This Agreement and any amendments thereto shall be construed according to the laws of the State ofColorado without regard to conflicts of law principles and any disputes hereunder shall be litigated in a state court inColorado.C.Confidential Information. In the course of performing their respective obligations, each party will enter into possessionof information of the other party which the Parties wish to protect and deem “Confidential Information.” This willinclude all Intellectual Property, processes, pricing, and any information that is marked confidential. When theAgreement ends, each party shall return all copies of any such information to the other and take every reasonablemeasure to preclude its representatives from sharing or keeping such information. Failure to do so shall constitute amaterial breach of this Agreement with all rights and remedies available to the party whose material has been Disclosed.D.Counterparts and Severability. This document may be signed in counterparts which, when taken together, constitutethe whole. Should any provision of this Agreement deemed unenforceable and thus stricken, the remainder of theAgreement remains in full force and effect upon both parties.[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]2IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date below.EWSD 1, LLC d/b/a Shi FarmsGridiron BioNutrients, Inc.BY:/s/ Thomas A. GalloBY:/s/ Timothy S OrrDate: 1/26/2020Date: 1/27/2020Name: Thomas A. GalloName: Timothy Orr- PresidentTitle: Executive Director3