SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT THIS SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is made and entered into as ofthis 1st day of January, 1997, by and between HYDRON TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a NewYork corporation with its principal offices located at 1001 Yamato Road, Suite403, Boca Raton, Florida 33431, ("Hydron") and MIAMI DOLPHINS, LTD., a Floridalimited partnership with its principal offices located at 7500 Southwest 30thStreet, Davie, Florida 33314 ("Dolphins"). WHEREAS, the Dolphins own and operate the Miami Dolphins, aprofessional football team and member of the National Football League, whichpresently is scheduled to play its home games at Pro Player Stadium in Miami,Florida (the "Stadium"); and Hydron desires to be a sponsor of the MiamiDolphins for certain entertainment and promotional purposes in connection withthe Miami Dolphins including its home games during the term of this Agreement;and NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt ofwhich is hereby acknowledged, Hydron and the Dolphins hereby agree as follows: 1. TERM OF AGREEMENT 1.1 The term of this Agreement shall commence on the datehereof and terminate upon the conclusion of the week following the conclusion ofthe Dolphins 2000 regular season or post season, if applicable (the "Term" or"Initial Term"). However, this Agreement may be earlier terminated in accordancewith the provisions hereof. 1.2 Hydron shall have the right to terminate this Agreementupon written notice to Dolphins at any time between November 1, 1997 andDecember 15, 1997, in which event this Agreement shall be terminated followingthe Dolphins last 1997 regular or post-season game, if any. If Hydron does nottimely exercise its right to terminate this Agreement, then Hydron agrees thatthis Agreement shall continue for the entire four (4) year term unless earlierterminated pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement. 2. SPONSORSHIP RIGHTS 2.1 For the Term of this Agreement, the Dolphins will provideHydron with certain advertising and promotional benefits as are set forth in andin accordance with Exhibit "A" attached hereto and made a part hereof (the"Sponsorship Rights"). 2.2 For the Term of this Agreement, Hydron shall be designatedas a sponsor of the Dolphins in the Sunscreen/Skin Care Category (as definedbelow) and a licensee of the Marks (as defined below) in the Sunscreen/SkinCategory by the Dolphins. For purposes of this Agreement, the term"Sunscreen/Skin Care Category" means the product category consisting ofsunscreen, sun protection and similar skin care products. 2.3 The Sponsorship Rights granted by the Dolphins toHydron are subject to termination in whole or in part at any time upon written notice to Hydron ifsuch Sponsorship Rights conflict with any exclusive advertising rights grantedby NFL Properties, Inc. to one of its advertisers or sponsors. In the event ofany such termination of exclusivity, the non-terminated Sponsorship Rightsgranted to Hydron by the Dolphins shall nonetheless continue for the remainderof the Term and the provisions of Section 8.2 shall apply. As of the datehereof, the Dolphins have no knowledge of any claim by NFL Properties that theSponsorship Rights violate or conflict with exclusive rights granted by NFLProperties. 3. CONSIDERATION 3.1 In consideration of the Sponsorship Rights granted toHydron hereunder: (a) Hydron shall pay to the Dolphins an aggregateamount of 96,000 (plus any applicable sales and other taxes) as follows: Hydronshall pay Dolphins the sum of 24,000 (plus any applicable sales and othertaxes) on July 1, 1997, July 1, 1998, July 1, 1999 and July 1, 2000. 3.2 In the event that the consideration is not paid by Hydronon or before the applicable payment due date, said failure to pay shall beconsidered a material breach by Hydron, and the Dolphins may elect to chargeHydron a late fee of 1.5% per month of the payment then due and owing until itis paid in full. The Dolphins agree to provide written notice to Hydron of thefailure to receive any payment, and Hydron shall have a five (5) business dayperiod following delivery of written notice in which to cure the payment defaultbefore the Dolphins may elect to terminate this Agreement and pursue applicableremedies. It is agreed by Hydron that any such election of remedies does notwaive any other remedies for breach of contract available to the Dolphins. 3.3 Except as otherwise specifically provided in thisAgreement, including Exhibit "A", each of the parties shall pay its own expensesof performing its obligations under this Agreement. 4. USE OF MARKS 4.1 Hydron and the Dolphins may use the name, logos, colors,trademarks, service marks, or other identifying features ("Marks") of the other,as specifically contemplated in connection with the Sponsorship Rights, subjectto any limitations set forth in this Agreement. 4.2 All advertising material and any use of the other partiesMarks by a party is subject to the prior written approval of the Mark owner.Either party shall submit all such materials or proposed usage of a Mark to theother party at least two weeks prior to its intended use. The Mark owner shallhave the right to inspect and require changes or deletions (including the rightto disapprove of such advertisement or use of Marks in their entirety) ofadvertising and promotional copy or material that the Mark owner may deem to becontrary to its policies or best interests. Such requirements will not beunreasonably imposed, and the foregoing approvals and 2requirements will be consistently given and imposed on all sponsors or users ofthe Marks, as the case may be. 4.3 Any and all public announcements or press releases by oron behalf of the other party regarding the Sponsorship Rights or the details ofthis Agreement shall be subject to the consent of the other party, and eachparty shall have the right to approve in advance the contents and timingthereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Dolphins acknowledge that Hydron, asa publicly held company, has disclosure obligations pursuant to the federalsecurities laws. Hydron agrees to take the comments of the Dolphins into accountin preparing and disseminating such disclosure, but notwithstanding commentsfrom the Dolphins, Hydron shall make such disclosure as may be required by law. 4.4 For purposes of this Agreement, the Dolphins and Hydronexpressly recognize that the Marks are the unique, valid and exclusive propertyof the respective owner of the Mark. The Dolphins and Hydron agree that theyshall not, either during the term of this Agreement or thereafter, directly orindirectly, contest the validity of the others Marks or any of theregistrations pertaining thereto, in the United States or elsewhere, nor adoptthe others Marks or any term, word, mark or designation which is in any aspectconfusingly similar to the others Marks. The Dolphins and Hydron specificallyacknowledges that any use of the Marks pursuant to this Agreement shall notcreate for the Dolphins or Hydron any right, title or interest in the othersMarks. The Dolphins and Hydron further agree that they will not at any time door cause to be done any act or thing, directly or indirectly, which contests orin any way impairs or tends to impair any part of the right, title and interestof the other in its Marks; and the Dolphins and Hydron shall not, in any manner,represent that it has any ownership interest in the others Marks or theregistrations therefor. Upon termination of this Agreement, the Dolphins andHydron shall immediately terminate all use of the others Marks. 4.5 Hydron expressly recognizes that the Dolphins havepreviously granted the exclusive rights to license and sublicense its Marks toNFL Properties, Inc., and that the grant to Hydron of the right to use the Marksis subject to the prior approval of NFL Properties, Inc. In the event that suchapproval is not so given by NFL Properties, Inc., then such usage rights ofHydron shall immediately terminate. The Dolphins represent that they will usereasonable efforts to obtain the consent of NFL Properties, Inc. to theexecution and performance of this Agreement prior to their execution hereof. Inany such event, the provisions of Section 8.2 will apply. 5. STADIUM POLICY; GOVERNING LEAGUE POLICIES 5.1 Hydron and the Dolphins agree that this Agreement shall beperformed in accordance with rules and policies of the Stadium as may beapplicable to this Agreement, if any. The Dolphins will advise Hydron of anydevelopment of or changes in these rules and policies that might adverselyaffect the terms of this Agreement. 5.2 The parties agree that this Agreement shall automaticallybe subject to any new or amended National Football League (the "NFL") rules orregulations applicable to advertising or promotional benefits provided by NFLmember teams to its sponsors effective as 3of the date such regulation shall take effect and that this Agreement shallincorporate and be subject to the Constitution, By-Laws, rules and regulations,the duly authorized resolutions of the governing body, the decrees and rulingsof the commissioner and the terms and conditions of any and all agreements towhich the NFL is a party and as to which the NFL has bound its member clubs(collectively all of such regulations, resolutions, decrees and agreements arereferred to as the "Governing League Policies"). The Dolphins shall adviseHydron of any changes therein which may materially and adversely affect theSponsorship Rights. As of the date hereof, the Dolphins have no knowledge of anyclaim by the NFL that the Sponsorship Rights violate any Governing League Rules. 5.3 Without limiting any other potential uses of the DolphinsMarks, Hydron agrees that the Dolphins may allow or authorize any League Sponsor(as defined below) to engage in advertising and promotional activities in theDolphins local market (including, without limitation, the Stadium), orotherwise provide benefits to such League Sponsor, if such League Sponsor isentitled to engage in such activities or receive such benefits pursuant to anysponsorship or promotional licensing arrangement now or hereafter entered intobetween such League Sponsor and the NFL or any of its affiliates (including,without limitation, NFL Properties, Inc., NFL Enterprises, Inc. and NFL Films,Inc.). For purposes of this Agreement the term, "League Sponsor" shall mean anyperson or entity which currently is, or at any time becomes a sponsor orpromotional licensee of or with respect to any NFL event or program now orhereafter in existence. By way of illustration only and without limiting thegenerality of the foregoing, League Sponsors may place advertising andpromotional materials (including displays) in the Stadium, in connection with aLeague event, such as the Super Bowl. 5.4 If any rule or regulation of the Stadium, or any GoverningLeague Policy as described in Sections 5.1, 5.2 or 5.3 requires the terminationor revision of any Sponsorship Right, such Sponsorship Right shall be revised orterminated upon written notice to Hydron and the provisions of Section 8.2 shallapply to such termination or revisions. 6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 6.1 Hydron represents and warrants to the Dolphins thefollowing, all of which representations and warranties shall apply during theTerm of this Agreement. (a) Hydron is a corporation in good standing underthe laws of the state of New York and is duly authorized to transact business inFlorida, with full power and authority to enter into and fully perform itsobligations under this Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreementon behalf of Hydron has been duly authorized by Hydron and this Agreementconstitutes a valid, binding and enforceable obligation of Hydron. (b) Neither this Agreement nor anything required tobe done hereunder by Hydron violates or shall violate any corporate charter,contract or other document to which Hydron is a party or by which it isotherwise bound. 6.2 The Dolphins represents and warrants to Hydron thefollowing, all of 4which representations and warranties shall apply during the Term of thisAgreement (a) The Dolphins is a Florida limited partnership ingood standing under the laws of the State of Florida and the Dolphins is dulyauthorized to transact business in Florida, with full power and authority toenter into and fully perform its obligations under this Agreement. The executionand delivery of this Agreement on behalf of the Dolphins has been dulyauthorized by the Dolphins and this Agreement constitutes a valid, binding andenforceable obligation thereof. (b) Neither this Agreement nor anything required tobe done hereunder by the Dolphins violates or shall violate any partnershipagreement, corporate charter, contract or other document to which the Dolphinsis a party or by which it is otherwise bound. 7. HOLD HARMLESS AND INDEMNIFICATION 7.1 Each of the parties shall indemnify and hold harmless theother, and their respective partners, shareholders, officers, employees, agentsand representatives (collectively, the "Indemnitees") from and against any andall claims, orders, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses, includingreasonable attorneys fees, arising out of the other partys negligent actionsor omissions with respect to this Agreement, or such partys wilful misconductor breach of any representation, warranty or agreement in this Agreementapplicable to it. Neither party shall have an obligation to indemnify or holdharmless an Indemnitees from any claim arising from or related to theIndemnitees negligence or misconduct. Each party hereto shall promptly notifythe other of any claim or litigation to which the indemnity set forth in thisparagraph applies. Each of the parties agree to defend all actions to which suchindemnity applies and to conduct the defense thereof at its expense and byqualified counsel, which counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory to theIndemnitees. Each of the parties agree that the foregoing indemnities also applyfor the benefit of the NFL (and its affiliates), South Florida StadiumCorporation, the owner and operator of Pro Player Stadium and their respectiveofficials, officers, partners, agents and employees, who shall be deemed thirdparty beneficiaries of this Agreement for the purpose of enforcing theseindemnity obligations. These indemnity obligations shall survive the terminationor expiration of this Agreement. 7.2 Insurance. The Dolphins shall, at its own expense,maintain in effect throughout the term of this Agreement, comprehensive generalliability insurance policies with carriers of recognized standing, with limitsof liability of at least One Million Dollars (1,000,000), governing any and allproperty damage and person injury (including death) arising out of activitiescovered by this Agreement. Hydron shall, at its own expense, maintain in effectthroughout the term of this Agreement, comprehensive general liability insurancepolicies with carriers of recognized standing, with limits of liability of atleast One Million Dollars (1,000,000), covering any and all property damage andpersonal injury (including death) arising out of activities covered by thisAgreement and shall obtain and maintain such additional insurance coverage asthe Dolphins shall reasonably require with respect to any Sponsored Events orsimilar activities. 5 8. TERMINATION 8.1(a) Without prejudice to any other rights, the Dolphinsshall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon written notice to Hydronif Hydron fails to perform or comply with any term or condition of thisAgreement within five (5) business days following delivery of written notice fora payment default or within thirty (30) days following written notice of anyother breach of this Agreement sent to Hydron stating such failure or failures;provided that any such failure remains uncured at the end of such period. (b) Without notice to any rights, Hydron shall havethe right to terminate this Agreement upon written notice to Dolphins, ifDolphins fail to perform or comply with any material terms or conditions of thisAgreement within thirty (30) days following delivery of written notice toDolphins stating such failure or failures; provided that any failure remainsuncured at the end of such period. 8.2 This Agreement may be terminated by the Dolphins ormodified to reduce or eliminate certain promotional benefits (such as use ofMarks or Sponsorship Rights), as described in Sections 2.3, 4.5 and 5.4 hereof.Upon any such termination or modification, the Dolphins will in good faithattempt to substitute a promotional benefit of equivalent promotional value forany benefits that the Dolphins was forced to eliminate; or, if the Dolphins isunable to substitute a promotional benefit of similar magnitude, then theDolphins and Hydron shall attempt, in good faith, to agree upon an adjustment inthe amount of fees payable by Hydron to the Dolphins under this Agreement. Ifthe Dolphins and Hydron cannot agree upon an adjustment in the amount of feespayable hereunder, then Dolphins and Hydron agree to arbitrate the adjustment infees and to be bound by the decision of the arbitrators. Any such arbitrationshall be conducted in accordance with the rules of the American ArbitrationAssociation. 8.3 Upon termination of this Agreement, all rights andprivileges granted to Hydron hereunder shall automatically revert to theDolphins. Upon termination of this Agreement by the Dolphins pursuant toparagraph 8.1(a), any and all payments then or later due to the Dolphins shallbecome due and payable in full immediately, and no portion of any prior paymentsmade to the Dolphins shall be refundable. 8.4 In the event that Hydron terminates this Agreementpursuant to the provisions of Section 8.1(b), then the fees paid, if any, forthe balance of the term of this Agreement shall be immediately refunded toHydron provided Hydron has not received sponsorship rights or benefits equal tosuch fees. 9. MISCELLANEOUS 9.1 The parties hereto agree to maintain in confidence theterms and conditions of this Agreement, except to the extent that a proposeddisclosure by a party of any specifications or conditions hereof is authorizedin advance by the other party pursuant to Section 4.3 or is otherwise requiredby law. 6 9.2 It is mutually understood and agreed that Hydron and theDolphins, and their respective partners, officers, employees, representativesand agents are, at all times, herein, acting and performing separately andindependently of each other and are in no way or manner to represent themselvesas agents or employees of the other party. As such, no party shall incur anyexpenses or create any liens or encumbrances in another partys name or againstanother partys interests. This Agreement shall not create a joint venture,partnership, or a relationship of principal and agent, or of employer andemployee, between the parties. 9.3 All notices required to be given hereunder shall beproperly served if in writing and delivered either by (i) personal delivery,(ii) certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, facsimile, or (iii) byrecognized overnight courier service which delivers only upon the signed receiptof the addressee, which in any case shall be delivered to the respectiveaddresses set forth at the beginning of this Agreement or such other addressesas may be designated by written notice by such party. Notice shall be deemedgiven on the date of delivery of such notice to the recipient or the date ofrefusal to accept delivery of such notice by the addressee or its agent. 9.4 In connection with any action arising from or inconnection with the enforcement of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall beentitled to an award of its expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees anddisbursements, incurred or paid before and at trial or any other proceedingwhich may be instituted, at any tribunal level, and whether or not suit or anyother proceeding is instituted. 9.5 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed inaccordance with the laws of the State of Florida. Jurisdiction and venue for anylegal proceedings arising out of this Agreement shall exclusively lie in thestate and federal courts situate in Broward County, Florida. 9.6 No party may assign any of its rights or obligationshereunder without the prior written consent of the other party, except thatHydron may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to its parent,its successor or to an affiliate (as such term is defined under the rules andregulations promulgated under the federal securities laws of the U.S.) upon thereasonable consent of the Dolphins that such affiliate assignee has thefinancial means and corporate authority to perform such obligations and Hydronmay not withhold its consent to an assignment of this Agreement in the event ofa merger or reorganization of the Dolphins, a sale of all or substantially allof the Dolphins assets or a consolidation of the Dolphins with any of itsaffiliates or related parties. 9.7 In the event that the performance of this Agreement isprevented because of an act of nature or force majeure or if the exhibition ofany scheduled home games of the Dolphins is canceled because of strike, lockout,labor dispute or other cause of similar nature beyond the reasonable control ofthe Dolphins, the same shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement. TheDolphins hereby agree, in good faith, to attempt to reschedule any aspect of theSponsorship Rights which is prevented from occurring as scheduled, at such dateas may be 7reasonably agreeable to the Dolphins and Hydron. If one or more events orbenefits are unable to be rescheduled during the Term of this Agreement, theprovisions of Section 8.2 shall apply in the same manner as if such failure toreschedule caused a termination of a Sponsorship Right. Nothing stated in thisAgreement grants Hydron any sponsorship, promotional or other rights withrespect to any Super Bowl, Pro Bowl or NFL conference championship or play-offgames or any other football game(s) which are not part of the preseason orregular season schedule of games to be played at home by the Miami Dolphins. 9.8 This Agreement (including Exhibit "A") sets forth theentire understanding and agreement of the parties hereto with respect to itssubject matter and supersedes all prior under standings or agreements betweenthe parties relating to the same subject matter. Any amendments or modificationsto this Agreement shall be in writing, as mutually agreed upon by both parties. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to beexecuted by their respective authorized representatives, effective as of thedate first shown above. HYDRON TECHNOLOGIES, INC. By: /s/ Harvey Tauman ------------------------------------- Harvey Tauman President and Chairman Date: ------------------------------ MIAMI DOLPHINS, LTD., a Florida limited partnership By: SOUTH FLORIDA FOOTBALL CORPORATION, its General Partner By: /s/ Eddie Jones ------------------------------------- Eddie Jones, President Date: ------------------------------ 8 EXHIBIT A MIAMI DOLPHINS/HYDRON TECHNOLOGIES, INC. SPONSORSHIP RIGHTSSeason-Long MerchandisingPRINT ADVERTISINGThe Dolphins will provide to Hydron:o One full page, four (4) color advertisement for Hydron in all ten (10) issues of GameDay Magazine, the official publication of the National Football League and the Miami Dolphins distributed at Pro Player Stadium during each year during the Term.PROMOTIONAL MEDIAIn connection with this Agreement, Dolphins will provide the followingpromotional media: 1996 BENEFITS PROVIDED TO HYDRONo Executive Suite: 320A. Use of the executive suite for the December 8, 1996 game vs. the New York Giants. The game will include twelve (12) tickets and two (2) parking passes.o Stadium Signage: Hydron sign will be in place on the West Scoreboard - Secondary Tri-Vision Panel for the December 8, 1996 game vs. the New York Giants and the December 16, 1996 game vs. the Buffalo Bills.o Product Sampling: Hydron will provide ten thousand (10,000) sunscreen samples which will be distributed to club level patrons prior to and during the December 8, 1996 game vs. the New York Giants. The Dolphins will permit Hydron to set up four (4) display booths which will be staffed by Hydron employees to distribute the sunscreen. 1997-2000 BENEFITS TO HYDRONo "Defensive Play of the Week" Promotion: Hydron will be the title sponsor of the 30-second Jumbtron video "Defensive Player of the Week" promotion which will be displayed during each Miami Dolphins home game. 9o Product Sampling: The Dolphins will permit Hydron to distribute sunscreen product samples to fans in attendance at one (1) home game during each contract year. Hydron will set up four (4) display booths and will staff them with Hydron employees. The Dolphins will also permit Hydron to distribute sunscreen product samples during the first two (2) weeks of training camp at the Dolphins training facility in Davie during each contract year.o Team Affiliation: Hydron will be permitted to advertise itself as a "Proud Sponsor of the Miami Dolphins" in the skin care category.o Easements: The Miami Dolphins will use reasonable efforts to provide endorsements of Hydron sunscreen/skin protection products from its training staff. 10