1 EXCLUSIVE DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT EXCLUSIVE DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT ("Agreement") dated as April 15, 1994by and between IMRS OPERATIONS INC. d/b/a IMRS INC., a Delaware corporationwith its principal place of business at 777 Long Ridge Road, Stamford,Connecticut 06902, U.S.A. (hereinafter referred to as "Developer") and DelteqPte Ltd, a Singapore company (and a subsidiary of Wuthelam Industries (S) PteLTD) with its principal place of business at 215 Henderson Road, 101-03Henderson Industrial Park, Singapore 0315 (hereinafter referred to as"Distributor"). WHEREAS, Developer has developed certain computer programs and relateddocumentation more particularly described in Schedule A attached hereto (the"Products") and desires to grant distributor the right to market and distributethe Products in Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand, and Brunei (the"Territory"); and WHEREAS, Distributor is in the business of marketing and distributingcomputer-related products and desires to have Developer grant to it the rightto market and distribute the Products in the Territory. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises set forthherein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt andsufficiency whereof are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree asfollows:1. LICENSE 1.1 Exclusive Distribution License. ------------------------------ Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement,Developer hereby grants to Distributor an exclusive, non-transferable fight andlicense to market and distribute the Products in the Territory. Distributorshall distribute the Products to existing and new customers of Distributorlocated in the Territory (the "End-Users") who enter into an End-User LicenseAgreement (as hereinafter defined). The Products shall be in executable objectcode form only and Distributor shall have no fight to the source code of suchProducts. The Products distributed to End-Users shall be in executable objectcode form only. Distributor shall not itself, nor allow others to modify,translate, decompile, nor create or attempt to create, by reverse engineeringor otherwise, the source code from the object code of the Products suppliedhereunder, or adapt the Products in any way or for use to create a derivativework. Should Distributor wish to create such a derivative work, Distributormust first seek and obtain express written permission to do so from theDeveloper and Developer may withold such permission at its sole discretion.Distributor may not, and may not permit End-Users to, use, reproduce,siblicense, distribute or dispose of the Products, in whole or in part, exceptas expressly permitted under this Agreement. 1 2 1.2 The Territory. ------------- Distributor may market and distribute the Products solely within theTerritory. Distributor shall not have the right to establish third-partyagreements for the license, sale, installation and/or support of the Productsin the Territory or elsewhere, without the prior written approval of Developer,which approval may be withheld for any reason. 1.3 License of the Products to End-Users; Other Responsibilities of ---------------------------------------------------------------Distributor.- - - ----------- (a) In connection with Distributors license and distribution of theProducts to End-Users, Distributor will have End-Users execute a SoftwareLicense Agreement in the form attached hereto as Schedule B (the "End-UserLicense Agreement"). Distributor may not negotiate the terms of the End-UserLicense Agreement with any prospective End-User or agree to any conflicting,different or additional terms from those set forth in the End-User LicenseAgreement without Developers prior written consent. Developer shall have noliability to Distributor in the event any prospective End-User refuses to agreeto enter into an End-User License Agreement. (b) Distributor will at all times during the term hereof use allreasonable efforts to promote and increase sales of Products throughout theTerritory, and will work diligently to obtain orders for Products. Developershall, during the term hereof, adopt such policies, strategies, prices,customer license terms and conditions, and decisions which will reasonablysupport Distributor in promoting and increasing sales of Products throughoutthe Territory and shall respond to Distributor as soon as reasonablypracticable with respect to the foregoing. (c) Distributor will promote the sale of Products throughout theTerritory to End-Users by means of personal visits, presentations, seminars,correspondence. Specific marketing and sales programs will be defined jointlyby Distributor and Developer. (d) Distributor hereby acknowledges that prompt, courteous andprofessional service of all End-Users and the fostering and maintenance of goodrelations with End-Users is of paramount importance to Developer, andDistributor hereby agrees to use reasonable efforts to so serve End-Users andpromote such relations with End-Users. Distributor shall call upon End-Usersregularly, provide assistance and information to End-Users as requested byEnd-Users or Developer, serve as liaison between End-Users and Developer, andcomply with such policies and procedures as Developer may from time to timecommunicate to Distributor. (e) Distributor shall take all necessary steps to ensure that it andall of its sales personnel are fully familiar with and can effectivelydemonstrate the Products, are familiar with the Developers then-current pricelist, and applicable Developer policies and procedures. (f) Distributor shall attend such annual sales and consultingmeetings for, among other things, training and education as Developer shallreasonably require. Distributor 2 3shall be responsible for the cost of any travel or lodging for attendance atsuch meetings required by Developer. (g) All payments by End-Users for Products shall be made directly toDistributor, and Distributor shall so advise Developer of the End-Users to whomsales are made. (h) Distributor will not incur or create any liability on behalf ofDeveloper or in any way pledge or purport to pledge the credit of Developer. (i) Distributor will: (i) work closely with Developer to implementthe agreed upon sales strategy and marketing strategy for Developer in theTerritory; (ii) prepare any market survey or other marketing or sales reportreasonably requested by Developer from time to time; and (iii) inform Developerpromptly of any commercial, financial, technical or other information whichwould be of interest to Developer, including but not limited to foreseeabledevelopments regarding End-Users needs of which Distributor becomes aware. (j) Distributor will observe all directions and instructions givenby Developer in relation to Developers commercial policy, delivery and paymentterms and the distribution of Products, and, in the absence of any suchdirections or instructions in relation to any particular matter, will act insuch manner as Distributor reasonably considers to be most beneficial to thebest interests of Developer. (k) Distributor will observe and take all necessary or appropriatesteps to observe the standards and technical specifications applicable toDevelopers business as may be communicated from time to time by Developer toDistributor. (1) Developer shall be the sole source of all copies of the Productsor their components distributed by Distributor under the terms of thisAgreement. Furthermore, Developers and the Product names shall appear on theinitial screen in all cases. Distributor may mark all such products andmaterials with its own names or logos to indicate that the Distributor is amarketer of the Products, provided that any such label or lettering is nolarger in size than that used for the name and logo of Developer. (m) Distributor shall allocate a minimum of two (2) dedicated peopleto sell and support the Products full-time. Distributor shall immediatelynotify Developer in the event that these people are assigned additionalresponsibilities that prevent them from remaining dedicated to the Productsfull-time. 3 4 1.4 Product Changes. --------------- Developer retains the right, in its sole discretion, to upgrade ormodify the Products from time to time. In addition, upon ninety (90) days priorwritten notice to Distributor, Developer may add or delete Products fromSchedule A. Upon receipt of any such notice of any upgrade or modification, orupon the expiration of the notice period set forth above for additions ordeletions to Schedule A, Distributor shall cease to market and distributeearlier versions of the Products and/or Products deleted from Schedule A. 1.5 License to Use Trademark and Trade Name. --------------------------------------- Any and all trademarks and trade names which Developer uses inconnection with the license granted hereunder are and shall remain theexclusive property of Developer. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall bedeemed to give Distributor any right, title or interest in any trademark ortrade name of Developer relating to the Products. Subject to notice in writingfrom Developer which modifies or cancels such authorization, during the term ofthis Agreement, Distributor may use at no charge the trademarks and trade namesspecified by Developer in writing for normal advertising and promotion ofProducts. Developer occasionally uses third party trademarks, trade names orscreen shots in advertising; Distributor may not use such trademarks, tradenames or screen shots in writing for advertising without the prior writtenpermission from the third party developer.2. PRICE, PAYMENT AND SHIPMENT. --------------------------- 2.1 Price. ----- Distributor shall adhere to the then current Developer Prices for eachProduct (collectively, the "Prices"). Developers current Prices for eachProduct are set forth in Schedule C. Developer may increase or decrease thePrices for any or all Products upon written notice to Distributor. Distributormust receive, for each instance, express written permission from Developer tosell Product at any price other than such Prices. 2.2. Orders, Payment and Shipment. ---------------------------- Upon Developers receipt of a written order from Distributor (each an"Order") together with a copy of an executed End-User License Agreement andContract Summary Form (Appendix D), Developer will ship to Distributor thedesignated quantities of the Products. At Distributors expense, the Productsshall be shipped by Developer to Distributor F.O.B. origin, freight pre-paid,with risk of loss to pass to Distributor upon delivery of the Products byDeveloper to a common carrier. Notwithstanding the above, upon notice toDistributor, Developer may ship the Software directly to Distributorscustomer. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall apply to all Orderssubmitted to Developer by Distributor. Orders issued by 4 5Distributor to Developer are solely for the purpose of requesting deliverydates and quantities. All Orders shall be subject to acceptance by Developer;Developer will not unreasonably delay acceptance of any order. Developer shalluse reasonable efforts to deliver accepted Orders but shall not be liable forany damages to Distributor or to any third party caused by Developers delay orerror in filling, or failure to fill, any Orders for any reason. Except asotherwise provided herein, all fees and expenses payable hereunder for whichDeveloper issues an invoice to Distributor shall be due and payable thirty (30)days from the date of the invoice. A late payment charge of the lesser of oneand one-half percent (1.5%) per month or the highest interest rate allowed byapplicable law shall be charged upon all unpaid amounts due hereunder for morethan thirty (30) days. 2.3 Reporting; Royalties. -------------------- Distributor shall submit Monthly Sales and Royalty Reports and makepayments to Developer as provided herein. All royalties paid to Developer shallbe based upon Developers list prices in U.S. Dollars, except as otherwiseagreed in writing by Developer. Software license fees associated with Software license agreements inwhich the sales cycle begins on or after May 1, 1994 (hereinafter "New Softwarelicense agreements") for Product sites located in the Territory, shall beallocated and distributed as follows: Gross Software Revenue Generated % to Distributor -------------------------------- ---------------- Per Annum July 1- June 30 USO -- 999,999 40% US1,O00,000 50% On July 1 each year, the gross software revenue generated figure willbe reset to zero and the accumulation of software revenues will restart. However, the foregoing allocation of such fees associated with the NewSoftware license agreements involving a headquarter Product or other sitelicenses situated outside of the Territory may be subject to reducedpercentages to Distributor due to royalties owed to other Developer entities,affiliates, or distributors located outside the Territory, who may also haveparticipated in the sale. Each such situation will be evaluated individuallyand a final decision on the royalty due will be based upon each partysrelative contribution and will be made in Developers sole discretion. Thegeneral guidelines for such cases are outlined in Appendix E (Bergamo Rules). Installation, consulting, and training fees associated with theProducts are due and payable to the party performing the services. 5 6 License Renewal and Maintenance Fees will be split evenIy with 50%distributed to Developer and 50% distributed to Distributor, also subject toparagraph 4 of this section 2.3. Distributor will submit a monthly report to Developer which accuratelyidentifies the Software license fees, maintenance fees, and any other fees setforth in this Agreement (repons outlined in Schedule D). This report is due atthe earliest possible time, but in no event later than ten (10) days followingthe end of each calendar month Payment by Distributor of the applicable royaltyfees to Developer shall accompany the report; provided, however, that Developershall have the reasonable fight to inspect Distributors books from time totime during the term hereof and for a one (1) year period after the terminationof this Agreement for purposes of verifying the royalties payable to Developer.In addition, Distributor shall report the acquisition of each new license forthe Software system to Developer and will provide either an English translationof the End-User License Agreement or a completed contract extract schedule inthe form of Exhibit D (Contract Summary Form) within one (1) day of acceptingthe order. 24 Inspection and Acceptance. ------------------------- Distributor shall inspect all Products immediately upon delivery andshall, within seven (7) calendar days, give written notice to the commoncartier and Developer of any claim for damages or shortages. Distributor shallgive written notice to Developer within thirty (30) calendar days of deliveryin the event that any Product does not conform with the terms of thisAgreement. If Distributor fails to give any such notice, the Products shall bedeemed accepted for all purposes of this Agreement. 2.5 Taxes. ----- In addition to the Prices and other fees payable hereunder, Distributorshall record and pay any federal, state, local or other duties, withholding andexcise taxes, now or hereafter applied on the sale, transportation, import,export, licensing or use of the Products including sales tax, value added taxor similar tax. Any taxes imposed by federal, state or any local government orany amount in lieu thereof, including interest and penalties thereon, paid orpayable at any time by Developer in connection with Developers license toDistributor, exclusive of taxes based on Developers net income, shall be borneby Distributor. Distributor shall co-operate with and assist Developer, as reasonablynecessary, to obtain United States tax credits for any duties or taxesdescribed in this Section 2.5 which may be credited to and/or recovered byDeveloper and applied by Developer to reduce its United States tax liability.In the event Developer obtains any such tax credits, Developer shall notifyDistributor of the amount thereof and Distributor shall be entitled to applysuch amount against future amounts payable by Distributor to Developerhereunder. 6 73. MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT. ----------------------- 3.1 Distributor Support ------------------- Distributor shall remain solely responsible for all installation,maintenance, consulting and support services to the End-Users with regard tothe Products. Developer agrees to deliver to Distributor together with thefirst Order delivered to Distributor a copy of the Product to be used solely byDistributors personnel providing installation, maintenance, consulting orsupport services to End-Users and shall only be used at Distributors site.Distributors failure to maintain the confidentiality of the Products pursuantto the terms of this Agreement shall be deemed a material breach of thisAgreement. As mutually agreeable, Developer, Developers affiliates, orDistributor may each provide local support to the sites of multi-locationclients, each on behalf of the other where the provisions of such support willenhance the quality of support provided to the client. Such services will beprovided at the local billing rate or such alternative billing rate as shall beagreed between the parties. The party providing the support shall receive allrevenues arising therefrom unless otherwise agreed. Furthermore, it isunderstood that travel expenses, if any, are to be borne by the clientutilizing the support services or by the Distributor unless otherwise agreed.For End-Users that have a World Wide Retainer in place, Distributor willprovide local support in the Territory as defined in the World Wide Retainer(Schedule F). 3.2 Audit Rights. ------------ Distributor shall maintain accurate books and records of all End-UserLicense Agreements granted for the Products (which will include at a minimumthe location, type and number of products and sites, renewal and payment termsand any special conditions or terms), the End-Users receiving maintenance, andconsulting and support services, payable under this Agreement. Upon reasonablenotice to Distributor, Distributor shall make such books and records availableto Developer, at Distributors place of business during normal business hours,to audit the payments being made by Distributor hereunder. 3.3 End-User Training and Developer Consulting Services --------------------------------------------------- Distributor shall be solely responsible for the training of End-Users.Developer may be available at its then current standard rates to providetraining, special enhancements, customization and other special work orservices to either Distributor or End-Users. 7 84. CONFIDENTIALITY AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. -------------------------------------- 4.1 Confidentiality. --------------- Distributor acknowledges that in the course of dealings between theparties, Distributor may acquire information about Developer, its businessactivities and operations, its technical information and trade secrets,including but not limited to the Products, all of which are highly confidentialand proprietary to Developer (the "Confidential Information"). ConfidentialInformation shall not include information generally available to or known bythe public, or information independently developed outside the scope of thisAgreement. Distributor shall hold all such Confidential Information in strictconfidence and shall not reveal or use the same except pursuant to a courtorder or upon written request of Developer. The Confidential Information shallbe safeguarded with at least as great a degree of care as Distributor uses tosafeguard its own most confidential materials or data relating to its ownbusiness, but in no event less than a reasonable degree of care. 4.2 Proprietary Rights. ------------------ Distributor acknowledges and agrees that the Products, and all copiesthereof, constitute valuable trade secrets of Developer and/or proprietary andconfidential information of Developer and title thereto remains in Developer.Ownership of all applicable copyrights, trade secrets, patents and otherintellectual property rights in the Products are and shall remain vested inDeveloper. All other aspects of the Products, including without limitation,algorithms, models, programs, methods of processing, design and structure ofindividual programs and their interaction and programming techniques employedtherein shall remain the sole and exclusive property of Developer and shall notbe sold, revealed, disclosed or otherwise communicated, directly or indirectly,by Distributor to any person, company or entity whatsoever other than asexpressly set forth herein. The copyright notice and restricted rights legendscontained in the Products shall appear on all tapes, diskettes and othertangible media distributed by Distributor. 4.3 Specific Remedies. ----------------- If Distributor commits a breach of any of the provisions of Sections4.1 or 4.2 above, Developer shall have, in addition to all other fights in lawand equity, (a) the right to have such provisions specifically enforced by anycourt having equity jurisdiction, it being acknowledged and agreed that anysuch breach will cause irreparable injury to Developer and that money damageswill not provide an adequate remedy, and (b) the right to require Distributorto account for and pay to Developer all compensation, profits, monies or othertangible benefits (collectively "Benefits") derived or received as the resultof any transactions constituting a breach of any of the provisions of thisArticle 4, and Distributor hereby agrees to account for and pay such Benefits. 8 9 4.4 Covenant Not to Compete. ----------------------- During the term of this Agreement and for a period of two (2) yearsafter the termination hereof for any reason, Distributor will not market, orattempt to market, a computer program which competes in any way with theProducts in the areas of consolidation, financial information, financialtransaction processing, reporting, data collection, or modeling, including butnot limited to the use of personal computers, nor which competes with anymodification, alteration or enhancement to the Products which is developedduring the term of this Agreement.5. LIMITED WARRANTY. ---------------- 5.1 Limited Warranty. ---------------- For ninety (90) days after delivery of a Product to Distributor,Developer warrants that media upon which the Products are delivered shall be ofgood quality and workmanship. Upon written notice from Distributor of defectivemedia for a Product, Developer shall use reasonable efforts to promptly providereplacement media. 5.2 Disclaimer of Warranties. ------------------------ EXCEPT FOR THE LIMITED WARRANTY SET FORTH IN SECTION 5.1, THE PRODUCTSARE PROVIDED "AS IS". DEVELOPER SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES EXPRESSOR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITYAND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH RESPECTTO THE PRODUCTS OR DEFECTS INTHE TAPE, DISKETTE OR OTHER TANGIBLE MEDIA AND DOCUMENTATION, OPERATION OF THEPRODUCTS, AND ANY PARTICULAR APPLICATION OR USE OF THE PRODUCTS.6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. ----------------------- IN NO EVENT SHALL DEVELOPER BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT OR ANYOTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER INDIRECT DAMAGES UNDER ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUTOF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CLAIMS ARISINGFROM MALFUNCTION OR DEFECTS IN THE PRODUCTS. DEVELOPERS MAXIMUM LIABILITYHEREUNDER IS EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO THE LESSER OF: THE AMOUNT PAID UNDER THISAGREEMENT BY DISTRIBUTOR TO DEVELOPER WITHIN THE SIX (6) MONTH PERIODIMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE CAUSE GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM; OR FIVE HUNDREDTHOUSAND DOLLARS (5OO,000). 9 107. DISTRIBUTOR OBLIGATIONS. ----------------------- 7.1 Marketing Efforts. ----------------- Distributor agrees to use its best efforts to promote the sale of theProducts in the Territory. Distributor agrees to permit Developer to review allof Distributors promotion and advertising material for the Products prior touse. Distributor shall not use and shall withdraw and retract any promotion oradvertising that Developer finds unsuitable, or is in breach of the terms ofthis Agreement. 7.2 Prohibited Practices. -------------------- Distributor may not make any contracts or commitments on behalf ofDeveloper nor make any warranties or other representations regarding theProducts other than those authorized herein or by Developer in a separatewriting. 7.3 Export Notice. ------------- Distributor agrees to provide Developer with reasonable advance noticeof each country- to which it intends to export the Products. Prior to exportingto a foreign country for the first time, Distributor shall provide Developerwith a reasonable opportunity to file such proprietary rights notices,applications, and other documents as Developer determines to be reasonablynecessary to protect in such country the proprietary rights associated with theProducts. Distributor agrees at Developers expense to cooperate with Developerin the protection of such proprietary rights in each country to which itexports the Products. 7.4 Compliance with Laws. -------------------- Distributor agrees to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, both foreign and domestic, in its performance under thisAgreement, including, but not limited to, domestic and foreign export/importlaws and regulations.8. TERMS AND TERMINATION. --------------------- 8.1 Term. ---- This Agreement shall have an initial term of one (1) year from the datefirst above written (the "Initial Term"), and shall thereafter automaticallyrenew for successive two (2) year periods (each a "Renewal Term"), unlessearlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Developermay cancel this Agreement if the total gross annual software revenue does notmeet DeVelopers revenue forecast for the Distributor, such cancellation to beeftected by written notice delivered to Distributor not later than 30 daysafter any Developers Fiscal Year end (June 30). Either party may cancel thisAgreement effective on the last day of the Initial Term, or 10 11any Renewal Term, by serving written notice of such termination on the otherparty at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the Initial Term or anyRenewal Term as the case may be. 8.2 Developer Termination. --------------------- This Agreement may be terminated immediately by Developer under any ofthe following conditions: (a) if one of the parties shall be declared insolvent or bankrupt; (b) if a petition is filed in any court to declare one of the partiesbankrupt or for a reorganization under the Bankruptcy Code or any similarstatute and such petition is not dismissed in ninety (90) days or if a Trusteein Bankruptcy or a Receiver or similar entity is appointed for one of theparties; (c) if Distributor does not pay Developer within thirty (30) daysfrom the date that any payments are due hereunder; (d) if Distributor breaches the provisions of Sections 4.1 or 4.2 ofthis Agreement; or (e) if Distributor otherwise materially breaches the terms of thisAgreement, and such breach is not cured within thirty (30) days after writtennotice of such breach is given by Developer. 8.3 Duties Upon Termination. ----------------------- (a) Provided termination is not a result of a material breach ofSections 4.1 or 4.2, the parties agree to continue their cooperation in orderto effect an orderly termination of their relationship. Distributor maycontinue running the Products solely for purposes of providing maintenance toEnd-Users granted licenses pursuant to an End-User License Agreement prior totermination. Upon termination, Distributor shall have no fight to order orreceive any additional copies of the Products and all of Distributors rightsand licenses granted hereunder shall immediately cease. Within thirty (30) daysof termination, Distributor shall return all copies of any promotionalmaterials, marketing literature, written information and reports pertaining tothe Products that have been supplied by Developer. (b) Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, Distributorshall forthwith return all Products, documentation and materials relatingthereto to Developer. Termination of this Agreement shall not relieveDistributor of any financial obligations to Developer which remain unsettled atthe date of termination, nor of the terms relating to proprietary rights, tradesecrets, or non compete restrictions; provided, further, that if this Agreementis terminated for any reason, Developer shall have the option, but not theobligation to 11 12assume at no cost to Developer, any or all of Distributors third partyagreements (including End-User Agreements) relating to the Products andto receive any and all fees therefrom. 8.4 Survival -------- The provisions of Sections 4, 5 and 9 shall survive the termination ofthis Agreement.9. INDEMNIFICATION. --------------- 9.1 Copyright Indemnification. ------------------------- Developer shall indemnify, defend and hold Distributor harmless fromany claims, demands, liabilities or expenses, including reasonable attorneysfees, directly resulting from any infringement or violation of any copyrightwith respect to the Product(s), as so awarded by a final judgment againstDistributor by a court of competent jurisdiction that the Product(s) infringeany third partys copyright, Developer shall, in its sole discretion: (a) procure for Distributor the right to continue to use, distributeand sell the Product(s) at no additional expense to Distributor; (b) provide Distributor with a non-infringing version of theProduct(s) with substantially similar functionality; or (c) notify Distributor that the Product(s) are being withdrawn fromthe market and Distributor agrees to immediately cease its distribution of suchProduct(s). If all Products are withdrawn from the market, this Agreement willimmediately terminate. 9.2 Cooperation by Distributor. -------------------------- Notwithstanding Section 9.1 of this Agreement, Developer is under noobligation to indemnify and hold Distributor harmless unless: (a) Developer shall have been promptly notified of the suit, action,proceeding or claim by Distributor and furnished by Distributor with a copy ofeach communication, notice or other action relating to said suit, action,proceeding or claim; (b) Developer shall have the right to assume sole authority toconduct the trial or settlement of such suit, action, proceeding or claim orany negotiations related thereto at Developers expense; and (c) Distributor shall provide reasonable information and assistancerequested by Developer in connection with such claim or suit. 12 13 9.3 Distributor Indemnification. --------------------------- Distributor shall indemnify, defend and hold Developer harmless fromany claims, demands, liability or expenses, including reasonable attorneysfees, incurred by Developer as a result of any claim or proceeding againstDeveloper arising out of or based upon (i) the combination, operation or use ofthe Products with any hardware, products, programs or data not supplied orapproved in writing by Developer, if such infringement would have been avoidedbut for such combination, operation or use (ii) modification of the Products byDistributor or End- Users(iii) any breach of this Agreement by the Distributoror (iv) any breach by the Distributor of any End User or other agreement towhich Developer or Distributor is a party.10. GENERAL. ------- 10.1 Force Majeure. ------------- Neither party shall be liable or deemed to be in default for any delayor failure in performance (other than the payment of money) under thisAgreement or interruption of service resulting directly or indirectly from actsof God, or any causes beyond the reasonable control of such party. 10.2 Jurisdiction and Venue. ---------------------- This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance withthe laws of the State of Connecticut, U.S.A. without regard to its conflict oftaws provision. Jurisdiction for litigation of any dispute, controversy orclaim arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, or the breachthereof shall be only in the Federal or the State court with competentjurisdiction located in Stamford, Connecticut. 10.3 Entire Agreement. ---------------- This Agreement, including the Schedules attached hereto, constitutesthe entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matterhereof and supersedes all previous proposals, both oral and written,negotiations, representations, commitments, writings and all othercommunications between the parties. This Agreement may not be modified exceptby a writing signed by a duly authorized representative of each of the parties. 13 14 10.4 Independent Contractors. ----------------------- It is expressly agreed that Developer and Distributor are actinghereunder as independent contractors and under no circumstances shall any ofthe employees of one party be deemed the employees of the other for anypurpose. This Agreement shall not be construed as authority for either party toact for the other party in any agency or other capacity, or to make commitmentsof any kind for the account of or on behalf of the other except to the extentand for the purposes provided for herein. 10.5 Assignment. ---------- This Agreement is not assignable by either party hereto without theprior written consent of the other, except that this Agreement shall beassignable by Developer to an affiliated entity or upon the sale of the fightto license and sublicense the Products to the purchaser of said right. ThisAgreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties andtheir respective successors and permitted assigns. 10.6 Severability and Waiver. ----------------------- If any provision of this Agreement is determined by a court ofcompetent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, such determination shallnot affect the validity or enforceability of any other part or provision ofthis Agreement. No waiver by any party of any breach of any provisions hereofshall constitute a waiver unless made in writing signed by the party. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement bya duly authorized representative as of the date set forth above. DISTRIBUTOR: DEVELOPER: ----------- --------- DELTEQ SYSTEMS PTE LTD IMRS OPERATIONS INC. d/b/a IMRS INC. By: /s/ S.C. CHEN By: /s/ DAVID M. SAMPLE -------------------- ----------------------- Name: S.C. Chen Name: David M. Sample --------------------- Title: Managing Director Title: Senior Vice President 14