Exhibit 1Execution CopyJOINT VENTURE AGREEMENTBETWEENTATE LYLE FERMENTATION PRODUCTS LTD.ANDIGENE BIOTECHNOLOGY, INC.Table of Contents1.2.DEFINITIONSCREATION OF THE JOINT VENTURE AND ITS STRUCTURE.4.PARTIES CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE JOINT VENTURE AND FINANCINGPARTIES INTERESTS IN THE JOINT VENTURE465.6.[INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]TAX CONSIDERATIONS667.8.PARTIES WITHDRAWAL FROM THE FIELD OF AGREEMENTFUTURE PRODUCTS AND DEVELOPMENTS889.10.MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF THE JOINT VENTUREDAY-TO-DAY MANAGEMENT OF THE JOINT VENTURE101211.SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED TO THE JOINT VENTURE BY THE PARTIES1212.RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL; TERMINATION OF THE JOINT VENTURE AFTER THEEFFECTIVE DATE1413.LIABILITIES1514.WARRANTIES BY THE PARTIES1615.CONDITIONS PRECEDENT; TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT1716.OPERATIONS UNTIL TRANSFER1817.ASSIGNMENT; PLEDGE OF JOINT VENTURE INTEREST1918.COSTS, FEES AND TAXES1919.NOTICES1920.LAW2021.MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS2022.DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEDURES; LIQUIDATION2323.JOINT VENTURE TO BE BOUND24JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENTThis Joint Venture Agreement (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified in accordance herewith, this"Agreement") is entered into as of March 18, 2003 and is by and between Tate Lyle Fermentation Products Ltd., a corporationorganized under the laws of England ("TL") and a subsidiary of Tate Lyle PLC, and Igene Biotechnology, Inc., a Marylandcorporation ("Igene"; collectively with TL, the "Parties").RECITALSA.Igene owns certain technology and expertise related to the manufacture and sale of Astaxanthin and derivativeproducts, and TL and its subsidiaries and affiliates possess expertise with respect to all aspects of the manufactureand production of numerous products through fermentation.B.In an effort to capitalize on their respective strengths and expertise, Igene and TL wish to form a joint venture tomanufacture and sell Astaxanthin and derivative products worldwide, all in accordance with the principles set out inthis Agreement (including each of its relevant constituent entities, the "Joint Venture"). The Parties anticipate that theprimary market for the product of the Joint Venture will initially be limited to Chile, parts of Europe, Japan and otherparts of Asia.C.Such Joint Venture shall consist initially of two legal entities to be formed as soon after the execution as practicablewhich together will have sufficient financial, mechanical, technological and land rights, resources and assets, to allowthem to operate with limited assistance from the Parties.D.Without derogating from the principles of Recital C, it is also understood and recognized by the Parties that, in orderto minimize support and administrative costs associated with the operation of the Joint Venture, certain ongoingservices will be provided to the Joint Venture by the Parties over various periods of time in consideration forpayments from the Joint Venture as described in the appropriate agreements between the Joint Venture and theParties.E.The Parties envision the Joint Venture continuing in effect for an indefinite period, subject to termination in accordancewith this Agreement.AGREEMENTNow therefore, the Parties agree:1. DEFINITIONS.In this Agreement, the following words shall have the meanings set forth below:1.1. "AFFILIATE" means, with respect to any Party, any other entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with,such Party. The term "control" shall mean direct or indirect ownership of at least fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding voting stockof a corporate entity or voting interest in a non-corporate entity and shall also mean the possession, direct or indirect, of the powerto direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of an entity.1.2. "AVERAGE MARKET PRICE" means the spot price for Astaxanthin as determined by the weighted average market priceover the 30 day period prior to purchase as set forth in the books and records of the Joint Venture.1.3. "BOARD" is defined in Article 9.1.1.4. "BOARD DISPUTE" is defined in Article 22.1.1.5. "COMMENCEMENT DATE" is the first business day after the first 30 consecutive days of production following the start-upphase in which 3 fermenters located at the Manufacturing Facility (constructed in accordance with the Construction Agreement)have been continuously operating.1.6. "CONSTRUCTION AGREEMENT" is defined in Article 3.6.1.7. "EVENT OF BANKRUPTCY" for any Person means (i) such Person files a petition in bankruptcy or insolvency, (ii) suchPerson files for reorganization or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee of all or a material portion of such Partys assets, (iii)such Person makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iv) such Person admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as theyfall due, (v) such Person seeks, consents to or acquiesces in the appointment of a trustee, receiver or liquidator of a materialportion of its assets, (vi) such Person fails to have any petition in bankruptcy or insolvency, or for reorganization, or for theappointment of a receiver or trustee of all or a material portion of such Persons assets dismissed within sixty (60) days after thecommencement of any proceeding as a result thereof or (vii) such Person fails to have any levy or attachment on all or a materialportion of its assets released or discharged within sixty (60) days of imposition thereof.1.8. "DISCLOSING PARTY" is defined in Article 21.4.1.9. "EFFECTIVE DATE" means 12:01 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on March 3, 2003.1.10. "FACILITIES" means collectively, the Site and the Manufacturing Facility to be located thereon, as well as any othermanufacturing facilities constructed, acquired or operated by the Joint Venture from time to time.1.11. "FIELD OF AGREEMENT" is defined in Article 2.1.1.12. "FORMATION" is defined in Article 3.3.1.13. "FORMATION DATE" means the business day immediately following the Formation.1.14. "GENERAL MANAGER" is defined in Article 18.5.1.15. "HSR ACT" means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.1.16. "INDEMNIFYING PARTY" is defined in Article 13.1.1.17. "INFORMATION" is defined in Article 21.4.1.18. "LAWSUIT" is defined in Article 13.1.1.19. "LIQUIDATION NOTICE" is defined in Article 22.3.1.20. "MANAGEMENT" is defined in Article 10.1.1.21. "MANUFACTURING FACILITY" means the manufacturing facility to be constructed by Parent on behalf of theManufacturing Company at the Site in accordance with the provisions of Article 3.6 which will be capable of producing 14,000 kgper annum of pure Astaxanthin.1.22. "NEUTRACEUTICAL" means a nutritional supplement for human consumption.1.23. "OFFER" is defined in Article 12.1.1.24. "OFFER PRICE" is defined in Article 22.2.1.25. "OFFEREE" is defined in Article 12.1.1.26. "OPTION PERIOD" is defined in Article 12.1.1.27. "PARENT" means Tate Lyle Industries Ltd.1.28. "PARTY" shall mean each of TL and Igene, and "PARTIES" shall mean both TL and Igene.1.29. "PARTY HEADS" means the Chairman of the Board of Igene and the Chief Financial Officer of Tate Lyle North America,Inc. respectively.1.30. "QUALIFIED EXPERT" is defined in Article 12.2(c).1.31. "RECIPIENT PARTY" is defined in Article 21.4.1.32. "SELLING PARTY" is defined in Article 12.1.1.33. "SITE" is defined in Article 3.5.1.34. "TECHNOLOGY" is defined in Appendix 3.2.1.35. "TRANSFERRED ASSETS" means the assets of Igene that are to be transferred to the Operating Company as moreparticularly described in Appendix 3.2.2. CREATION OF THE JOINT VENTURE AND ITS STRUCTURE.2.1. Subject to the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, the Parties shall take all such steps and do all such things as arereasonably necessary to create between TL and Igene a joint venture commencing from the date hereof until the date thisAgreement is terminated with respect to (a) the manufacture of Astaxanthin and derivative products and (b) the marketing and saleof Astaxanthin and derivative products worldwide for all uses other than uses as a Neutraceutical or otherwise for direct humanconsumption (collectively, the "Field of Agreement"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall, or shall be deemed to,form a partnership or any other entity other than the Operating Company and the Manufacturing Company (as defined below).2.2. The legal structure of the Joint Venture shall be (a) a limited liability company organized under the laws of Bermuda andowned by the Parties as set forth herein (the "Operating Company") which in turn will own all of the shares of (b) a corporationformed under the laws of the United Kingdom (the "Manufacturing Company"). TL and Igene shall cause such entities to beformed promptly after the execution of this Agreement in a manner consistent with the terms of this Agreement.2.3. (a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, each of the Parties hereby agrees to use commerciallyreasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all action and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary or proper underapplicable laws and regulations to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including,without limitation, obtaining consent under the HSR Act (if necessary) and any other relevant governmental consents. The Partiesshall share the cost of any filings required under this Article 2.3 equally.(b) Notwithstanding clause (a) above, nothing contained in this Agreement will require or obligate either Party to initiate anylitigation to which any governmental authority is a party, although the Parties agree to use commercially reasonable good faithefforts to negotiate with the applicable governmental authority, as the case may be, in order to avoid any such litigation.(c) Notwithstanding clause (a) above, nothing contained in this Agreement will require or obligate either Party to agree orotherwise become subject to any limitations on the right of the Joint Venture to acquire, own, control or operate the TransferredAssets (including either Party or the Joint Venture being required to sell or otherwise dispose of, or hold separate, the TransferredAssets), if such Party reasonably believes in its good faith judgment as a result of any such limitation that it cannot substantiallyrealize the material benefits that such Party reasonably expects to derive from the Joint Venture. The Parties agree to usecommercially reasonable good faith efforts to negotiate with any applicable governmental authority in order to avoid any suchlimitations.3. PARTIES CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE JOINT VENTURE AND FINANCING.3.1. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, TL shall contribute, or cause to be contributed, to the OperatingCompany cash in the amount of 21,614,000. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, TL further agrees to payto Operating Company as a contribution to capital upon Formation (as defined below) 3,000,000.3.2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Igene shall transfer and assign, or cause to be transferred and assigned,to the Operating Company the Transferred Assets described in Appendix 3.2.3.3. The Parties intend that the transfer of the Transferred Assets to the Operating Company pursuant to Articles 3.1 and 3.2 andthe other various transactions, transfers, contributions and agreements to be made or entered by and between Igene or TL andthe Operating Company in connection with the formation of the Joint Venture, shall be made promptly upon the formation of boththe Operating Company and the Manufacturing Company ("Formation"). In the event that the Transferred Assets are nottransferred to the Operating Company at such time or on such other date as is specified herein or in the Asset Transfer Agreement,the entity who is to make such transfer(s) shall, without any further cost to the Joint Venture or to the other Party, (a) ensure thatthe Joint Venture shall have all of the benefits and bear all of the burdens of such assets on and from Formation and (b) fully andlegally assign to the Operating Company such assets as soon after Formation as practicable.3.4. Title to the Transferred Assets shall be passed to the Operating Company in accordance with Asset Transfer Agreement to beentered into by the Operating Company and Igene upon Formation. Such Asset Transfer Agreement shall be in the form set forthin Appendix 3.4. Such Transferred Assets shall be contributed free and clear of any and all indebtedness, liens and encumbrances.3.5. As promptly as possible after Formation, the Manufacturing Company shall enter into a lease with Parent with respect to thelease of certain real property located in Selby, England adjacent to the existing facility of an Affiliate of Parent (the "Site"), whichlease will have a term of at least 50 years at an annual rent of 1 and shall grant to the Manufacturing Company all rights necessaryto construct and operate the Manufacturing Facility.3.6. Upon Formation, the Manufacturing Company shall enter into an Engineering, Procurement and Construction ManagementAgreement in the form set forth in Appendix 3.6 (the "Construction Agreement"), pursuant to which Parent shall supervise andmanage the construction of the Manufacturing Facility on a turnkey basis in consideration for a payment of 21,614,000. Upon theentering into of the agreements referred to in Articles 3.5 and 3.6, the Operating Company shall capitalize the ManufacturingCompany through the contribution of equity received by it from TL pursuant to Article 3.1 in an amount equal to at least21,614,000.3.7. It is the intention of the Parties that any debt incurred by the Joint Venture shall be non-recourse against each Party. Each ofthe Parties agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Joint Venture to incur long-term indebtedness in an amount that isconsistent with the business and cash desires of the Parties and the cash needs of the Joint Venture; provided, however, that neitherParty shall be required to contribute any additional capital or guarantee, directly or indirectly, any debt of the Joint Ventureincluding without limitation any leases or other direct or indirect obligations.4. PARTIES INTERESTS IN THE JOINT VENTURE.4.1. The Parties shall each have a fifty percent (50%) interest in the Operating Company, and control of the Joint Venture shall beshared equally between the Parties. The Parties agree that their respective contributions to the Operating Company have equalvalue, and that no payment shall be made from one Party to the other Party in the event appraisals performed for tax accountingreasons of the Transferred Assets give rise or would give rise to different valuations.4.2. All profits and losses earned or incurred by the Operating Company shall be shared by the Parties in equal shares as long aseach Party has a 50% interest in the Operating Company. Upon a reduction or increase in such interest, all profits and losses shallbe shared in accordance with each Partys ownership interest in the Joint Venture. To the greatest extent permitted by applicablelaw and accounting provisions, (a) the Operating Company shall make distributions, dividends and returns of capital equally toeach of the Parties and (b) Operating Company items of income, gain, loss and deduction shall be allocated equally to each of theParties; provided, if for any reason, such distributions, dividends, returns of capital or allocations may not be made on an equalbasis, the Operating Company shall make a special distribution, dividend, return of capital or allocation to one Party to balance therequired distribution, dividend, return of capital or allocation to the other Party.4.3. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if for any reason the contribution of TL proves to have a value materially less than thatattributed to it at the Effective Date as a result of the Facilities not being constructed as provided herein then either (a) TL shallcontribute a cash amount to the Operating Company to make up the shortfall or (b)(i) TLs capital account shall be adjusted toreflect the revaluation of its contribution, (ii) TLs interest in the Operating Company shall be adjusted to reflect its actualproportion of the contributions made upon the formation of the Joint Venture and (iii) the Joint Venture shall be liquidated asprovided in Article 22.3.Portions intentionally deleted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment.5. [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]6. TAX CONSIDERATIONS.6.1. Each Party shall produce and submit to the Board, as promptly as possible, a reasonable estimate of their respective incometax liability with respect to the income of the Operating Company computed pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph as by areasonably prudent taxpayer attempting to reduce the income tax payable by such taxpayer to the greatest extent permitted by law(a "Party Tax Estimate"). A Party Tax Estimate shall be calculated pursuant to United States and/or United Kingdom law andregulations (and the laws and regulations of any other jurisdiction under which the earnings of the Operating Company may betaxable to either Party) as may be applicable to either Party. The tax liability shall be calculated based on each Partys share of theincome, gain, costs, expenses and deductions of the Operating Company in the prior year without consideration of items ofincome, gain, loss or deduction applicable to either Party derived from outside the Operating Company (including, withoutlimitation, with respect to Igene, any Net Operating Loss that Igene may have accumulated prior to the formation of the JointVenture), but shall include any items of income, gain, loss or deduction derived from the Operating Company in any previous yearto the extent applicable to such year. Such Party Tax Estimate shall not be deemed to be final until it is approved by the Board;provided, that if the Board does not approve the higher Tax Estimate, and cannot resolve such a dispute within thirty days of thesubmission of such Tax Estimate to the Board, then the lesser Tax Estimate (the "Preliminary Minimum Distribution") shall be paidto both Parties pursuant to Article 6.2 as if it were the Minimum Distribution. After the expiration of such thirty day period, theBoard shall promptly submit the higher Tax Estimate (the "Disputed Estimate") to PricewaterhouseCoopers (the "Neutral Auditor")who shall evaluate the reasonableness and accuracy of the Disputed Estimate in light of the provisions of this Article 6.1. The Partythat submitted the Disputed Estimate shall promptly provide to the Neutral Auditor all information requested by the NeutralAuditor in order to perform the analysis required by this Article 6.1. Within thirty days of receiving all information it deemsnecessary to perform the analysis required herein, the Neutral Auditor shall inform the Board in writing that it either agrees ordisagrees that the Disputed Estimate is reasonable and accurate in light of the provisions of this Article 6.1 and the tax informationsubmitted to it. If the Neutral Auditor concludes that the Disputed Estimate is reasonable and accurate, the difference between theDisputed Estimate and the Preliminary Minimum Distribution shall be promptly paid to each Party. If the Neutral Auditor concludesthat the Disputed Estimate is not reasonable and/or accurate then the Preliminary Minimum Distribution shall be deemed theMinimum Distribution for the applicable year; provided, however, that if the Neutral Auditor concludes that an amount greater thanthe Preliminary Minimum Distribution is appropriate, then such greater amount shall be deemed the Minimum Distribution for theapplicable year. The costs of the Neutral Auditor shall be paid equally by the Parties.6.2. Subject to the provisions of Article 6.1, the Operating Company shall annually declare and pay by March 15 a distribution toeach Party equal to the larger of the two estimated annual tax liabilities as reflected on the approved Party Tax Estimates (the"Minimum Distribution"). A portion of the Minimum Distribution shall be paid in advance on a quarterly basis should either Party berequired to pay periodic mandatory payments of estimated taxes during any given year. In the event that such estimated taxes arerequired to be paid by either Party, such Party shall notify the Operating Company of the date of such required payments and theOperating Company shall pay to each Party, no later than 5 business days prior to the due date of each quarterly estimated taxpayment specified in the notice above, an amount equal to 25% of the estimated Minimum Distribution. In the event that suchdistributions of estimate taxes are made within a given year, then the distribution on March 15 of the subsequent year shall beadjusted to reflect the advance distributions of related estimated taxes made prior to that date.6.3. The Operating Company shall annually within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year declare an additional distribution equalto 20% of the net income of the Operating Company, half of which is to be paid to each Party (the "Target Distribution"). TheTarget Distribution shall be paid except when the Board shall determine otherwise.6.4. The Board may pay other distributions at its discretion.6.5. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Operating Company shall only pay distributions or dividends to the extent permitted byapplicable law.7. PARTIES WITHDRAWAL FROM THE FIELD OF AGREEMENT.7.1. Each Party shall, and shall cause each of its Affiliates to, do all such things and shall take all such steps as are reasonablynecessary to effect its total withdrawal from the Field of Agreement. Such withdrawal shall be effective from the Effective Date.7.2. After the Effective Date and as long as Igene and TL continue to own an interest in the Operating Company, neither of theParties shall, or shall cause or permit any of their Affiliates to, directly or indirectly, as stockholders, consultants, members, partnersor in any other capacity, engage in any enterprise or business anywhere in the world, which (a) manufactures Astaxanthin or (b)develops, markets, or sells products falling within the Field of Agreement. In the event that either (x) one Party shall transfer itsentire interest in the Operating Company as permitted pursuant to this Agreement and the Operating Company shall remain a goingconcern after the closing of such transfer or (y) both Parties sell their interest in the Operating Company as permitted pursuant tothis Agreement and the Operating Company shall remain a going concern after the closing of such transfer, then any Party whichceases to own an interest in the Operating Company as a result of such transfer shall remain subject to the terms of this Article 7.2for a period of ten (10) years after the date of such transfer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a court of competent jurisdictiondetermines that the obligations set forth in this Article 7.2 are unreasonable in scope, time or geography, such court is herebyauthorized by the Parties to enforce such provisions with narrower scope, shorter time or lesser geography as such courtdetermines to be the maximum that is reasonable and proper in the circumstances.7.3. Except as set forth in Articles 7.1, 7.2, 8.1 and 8.2, it is explicitly agreed that nothing contained in this Agreement shallprevent either Party or any of their respective Affiliates from engaging, directly or indirectly, in any enterprise, which develops,manufactures, markets, or sells products that are not within the Field of Agreement, and except as set forth in Articles 7.1, 7.2, 8.1and 8.2, either Party shall be free to engage in any business, enterprise, or undertaking, or to make any investment it chooses.8. FUTURE PRODUCTS AND DEVELOPMENTS.8.1. If, after the date of this Agreement and continuing as long as either Party is a partner, member, or shareholder of the OperatingCompany, such Party or any of its Affiliates receives or discovers any opportunity within the Field of Agreement, including withoutlimitation developing or completing the development of, or discovering, or acquiring proprietary rights over, a product or processthat falls within the Field of Agreement, the Operating Company then shall have exclusive rights to exploit such opportunity, butonly within the Field of Agreement. The Party (or its Affiliate) that has developed, discovered or acquired such opportunity,product or process will, however, be entitled to exploit such opportunity, product or process for application outside the Field ofAgreement.8.2. If, after the date of this Agreement and continuing as long as either Party is a partner, member, or shareholder of the OperatingCompany, such Party or any of its Affiliates receives or discovers any opportunity to use Astaxanthin as a Neutraceutical (a"Neutraceutical Opportunity"), including without limitation developing or completing the development of, or discovering, oracquiring proprietary rights over, a product or process that involves the use of Astaxanthin as a Neutraceutical, such Party shall (orshall cause its Affiliate to) present such opportunity to the Operating Company, providing the Operating Company with suchnarrative description and budgetary and other information as such Party (or its Affiliates) may have generated or gathered to theextent necessary to evaluate such Neutraceutical Opportunity. The Board shall consider the material presented by such Party andits Affiliates and shall elect whether the Joint Venture should pursue such Neutraceutical Opportunity. If the Board elects to pursuesuch Neutraceutical Opportunity, the Operating Company then shall have exclusive rights to exploit such NeutraceuticalOpportunity, but solely with respect to use of Astaxanthin as a Neutraceutical, and, subject to Article 8.1, the Party (or its Affiliate)that has developed, discovered or acquired such opportunity, product or process will, however, be entitled to exploit suchopportunity, product or process for application outside of use of Astaxanthin as a Neutraceutical. If however the Board does notelect to pursue such Neutraceutical Opportunity, the Party (or its Affiliate) that has developed, discovered or acquired suchopportunity, product or process shall, subject to Article 8.1, be entitled to exploit such opportunity, product or process; provided,that subsequent developments or discoveries with respect to such Neutraceutical Opportunity would reasonably be expected toaffect the Boards acceptance or rejection of such Neutraceutical Opportunity, such Party shall (or shall cause its Affiliate to)present such Neutraceutical Opportunity to the Board with reference to the pertinent subsequent developments or discoveries.8.3. If, after the date of this Agreement and continuing as long as a Party is a partner, member, or shareholder of the OperatingCompany, the Joint Venture develops or completes the development of, or discovers, or acquires proprietary rights over, aprocess or product which at, or after, the time of its development, discovery or acquisition has, or might have, some applicationoutside of the Field of Agreement, then the appropriate entity of the Joint Venture shall offer to license the use of the process orproduct (or the production thereof) for such application to each of the Parties on reasonable commercial terms (including, withoutlimitation, the possible payment of royalties at market rates) taking into account the time and money spent by the Joint Venture andtaking into account other relevant commercial factors. The grant of licenses to any third parties shall be the prerogative of theBoard provided that no such license shall be granted at terms more favorable to the third party than were offered to the member(s)of such Party.8.4. In the event either TL or Igene wishes to market Astaxanthin for uses other than in the Field of Agreement, including but notlimited to the use of Astaxanthin as a neutraceutical or otherwise for direct human consumption, either TL or Igene, as the casemay be, shall be permitted to purchase reasonable quantities of Astaxanthin from the Operating Company for use in themanufacture of such products at the Average Market Price. The Joint Venture will manufacture such Astaxanthin to the standardrequired for its business, and each Party desiring to market Astaxanthin for other uses shall process the product acquired from theOperating Company at its own cost and expense.9. MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF THE JOINT VENTURE.9.1. The Joint Venture will be managed and controlled by a board of directors comprised of six (6) members (the "Board"). EachParty shall appoint three (3) of such members (none of whom shall be residents of the United Kingdom) and shall be entitled toappoint any successor appointees as necessary such that the Board shall always be comprised of three members appointed byeach Party. Each Party shall be entitled to appoint alternate directors on a periodic and temporary basis as needed. Each partyagrees at all times to vote in favor of the directors appointed by the other Party or any successor appointees.9.2. The Board shall have a Chairman selected in odd-numbered years by Igene and in even-numbered years by TL for theduration of the calendar year. The Party with the right to select the Chairman shall select the Chairman from among the members ofthe Board appointed by it. If for any reason the individual serving as the Chairman ceases to be a member of the Board, suchindividual shall also cease to serve as Chairman and the Party who appointed such individual to the Board may select anotherindividual appointed by that Party to the Board to serve as Chairman through the remainder of such calendar year. The Chairmanshall serve as the chairman of all meetings of the Board and shall serve in such other administrative capacities as may beappropriate or as the Board may determine from time to time, but the Chairman shall not have any additional vote or authority byvirtue of being the Chairman.9.3. The Board shall have regular meetings at least once each calendar quarter which shall be called by the Chairman by writtennotice delivered to each Board member no later than five business days prior to the meeting specifying the date, time and place forsuch meeting. Either Party may at any time provide the Chairman with a written request that the Chairman convene a specialmeeting, whereupon the Chairman shall call a special meeting to be held within two weeks after receipt of such request by writtennotice delivered to each Board member no later than five business days prior to the meeting specifying the date, time and place forsuch meeting. Any member of the Board may attend a meeting by telephonic equipment if such member may hear and be heard byall present at that meeting (including others participating telephonically).9.4. The decisions of the Board shall be by majority vote of the members present at a meeting, provided that such majority voteincludes the affirmative vote of at least one member appointed by each Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, after either Partyeither has an Event of Bankruptcy or is and continues to be in material breach of this Agreement (unless such breach is beingcontested by the breaching party in good faith) and no director appointed by such Party attends a duly convened meeting of theBoard (after notice delivered pursuant to Article 9.3), the affirmative vote of three members of the Board at a duly convenedmeeting of the Board shall constitute approval of the Board for all purposes hereunder, regardless of whether a member of theBoard appointed by each Party approves such matter.9.5. The Board shall establish various authorizations and delegations for Management (as described below) to conduct thebusiness of the Joint Venture as contemplated by Article 1.1 hereof. In addition, the Board shall:(a)select the officer who will manage the Joint Venture on a day-to-day basis (the "General Manager") subject tothe direction of the Board who need not be an employee of the Joint Venture;(b)approve any and all individual capital investments to be made by the Joint Venture in excess of 50,000 or, atits discretion, delegate such approval to the General Manager with respect to capital investments that do notexceed amounts to be determined by the Board in such delegation;(c)approve any dividend or profit distribution to be made to the shareholders, members or partners, as the casemay be, in excess of the Minimum Distribution in accordance with Article 6.2;(d)approve any merger of the Operating Company or any acquisition of another entity or all or substantially all ofanother entitys assets by the Operating Company;(e)the sale, disposition or purchase of individual assets for in excess of 50,000;(f)approve the closing of any plant or facility of the Joint Venture;(g)approve any related-party contracts, except as contemplated in this Agreement;(h)approve any incurrence of indebtedness for borrowed money;(i)change the business purpose of the Joint Venture;(j)approve the discontinuance of any operations of the Joint Venture;(k)determine the annual business plan and budget (including capital expenditures) and any material variance fromsuch plan and budget;(l)approve any contract or commitment for a period greater than twelve months;(m)approve any capacity increase at any manufacturing site;(n)determine budgets for continuing research concerning the development of strains and process methods forAstaxanthin;(o)approve the material tax and accounting policies of the Joint Venture (which shall include for the OperatingCompany the application of U.S. generally accepted accounting principles); and(p)approve the issuance of new or additional interests in the Operating Company (but not including, in any case,any transfer of existing interests as otherwise provided herein).If the Board should be deadlocked on any matter, the dispute resolution procedures set forth in Article 22.1 shall apply.9.6. The Joint Venture shall be jointly controlled by the Parties who, as shareholders, members, or partners, shall have theexclusive power, by instructing the Board, to: (i) dissolve the Joint Venture, (ii) sell, or dispose of all or substantially all assets of theJoint Venture or permit the Joint Venture to place or grant any consensual lien or security interest on its assets (except liens fortaxes and materialsmens liens being contested in good faith which are not material in amount), or (iii) permit the Joint Venture toengage in material commerce outside the Field of Agreement or change the scope of the Field of Agreement. Upon receipt of suchinstructions, the Board shall act in accordance with this Article 9.10. DAY-TO-DAY MANAGEMENT OF THE JOINT VENTURE.10.1. Except as provided in Article 9.5, the Board shall delegate the conduct of the day-to-day business of the Joint Venture to theGeneral Manager, together with the officers and employees of the companies providing the services set forth in Article 11(collectively the "Management"). The General Manager shall also have whatever title is appropriate for each entity in the JointVenture reflecting his or her role as the primary manager and officer of each entity. The initial General Manager will be PeterBoynton who will be secunded to the Joint Venture on a part-time basis.10.2. Subject to Article 9.5 and the direction of the Board, the Management shall direct, supervise and conduct the business of theJoint Venture in the following areas:(a)creation, development, and implementation of routine commercial policies and procedures;(b)creation, development, and implementation of sales and marketing strategies;(c)treasury and financial management;(d)manufacturing, maintenance and other operations;(e)legal services; and(f)research and development.11. SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED TO THE JOINT VENTURE BY THE PARTIES.11.1. Contemporaneously with the execution of this Agreement, each Party will enter into an agreement or agreements substantiallyin the form attached hereto as Appendix 11.1.1 and Appendix 11.1.2 pursuant to which each Party or its Affiliates shall providethe services identified for it below (the "Support Services Agreements", and each a "Support Services Agreement"). The SupportServices Agreements shall provide that the parties will provide the following services to the Joint Venture:11.1.1.Igene or its Affiliates will provide to the Joint Venture:(i)Sales and marketing services related to the world-wide sale and marketing of Astaxanthin in the Field ofAgreement;(ii)Research services related to further development of the Technology and improvement of manufacturing processefficiencies, as requested by the Board from time-to-time; and(iii)Administration of the contract for manufacturing of Axtaxanthin with Fermic S.A. de Mexico pursuant to theterms of the Support Services Agreement.11.1.2.TL or its Affiliates will provide to the Joint Venture:(i)Engineering and operations services;(ii)Technical and research services related to the further development of the Technology and improvement ofmanufacturing process efficiencies, as requested by the Board from time-to-time;(iii)Transportation and logistics services; and(iv)Finance and accounting services.11.1.3.The charge for the services set forth in Article 11.1.1 and 11.1.2 is set forth in the appropriate SupportServices Agreement and shall be paid by the Operating Company.11.1.4.TL or its Affiliates shall also provide certain utilities and waste treatment services to the Joint Venture from itsexisting facility located at the Site. Such services shall be reimbursed by the Operating Company in an amountas more fully set forth in the appropriate Support Services Agreement.11.2. In the event that either Party conveys its interest in the Operating Company to the other or a third party during the five yearperiod commencing on the Effective Date and the Joint Venture continues to operate as a going concern thereafter, each Party shallprovide the services described in Article 11.1 to the Joint Venture at a price (that shall reasonably be consistent with themethodology used for determining prices prior to such conveyance) to be agreed upon by the Parties for a transition period toallow the owner or owners of the Operating Company to obtain such services for the Joint Venture independently. Such transitionperiod shall not exceed 24 months for the services set forth in Article 11.1.1 and Article 11.1.2 and shall not exceed 36 months forthe services set forth in Article 11.1.4; provided, however, if TL shall give notice to Igene that it intends to close the Selby,England facility adjacent to the Site, TL shall be required to provide the services set forth in Article 11.1.4 for a period not toexceed 24 months from the date Igene receives such notice.11.3. In the event of a contradiction between the terms of this Article 11 and any Support Services Agreement, the terms of theSupport Services Agreement shall govern.12. RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL; TERMINATION OF THE JOINT VENTURE AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE.12.1. RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL; TAG-ALONG RIGHTS.Prior to one year from the Effective Date, a Party may not sell or otherwise transfer its interest in the Operating Company.Thereafter, any sale or other transfer may not be effectuated except pursuant to a good faith, arms length offer to sell its entireownership interest in the Operating Company for cash consideration to a party who is not affiliated with such Party (a "Third PartyOffer"). If either Party has received a Third Party Offer that it intends to accept (the "Offer"), such Party (the "Selling Party") shallnotify the other Party (the "Offeree") of the Offer, which notice shall include a copy of the Offer and any other informationnecessary to enable the Offeree to evaluate reasonably the Offer and the potential purchaser. The Offeree shall have thirty (30)days after receipt of the notice from the Selling Party (the "Option Period") to elect either (i) to purchase the Selling Party’s interestin the Operating Company or (ii) to sell the Offeree’s interest in the Operating Company to the Selling Party, in either case on thesame terms and conditions as those contained in the Offer. If the Offeree makes one of such elections, the applicable purchase andsale shall take place within sixty (60) days after the date of the Offeree’s election in accordance with the terms and conditions ofthe Offer or such other terms and conditions as the Selling Party and the Offeree shall mutually agree. If the Offeree does not makeone of such elections within the Option Period, the Selling Party shall have the right to sell its interest to the person or entity whomade the Third Party Offer for cash consideration only on terms and conditions no more favorable to such person or entity withinsixty (60) days after the expiration of the Option Period. If such sale is not completed within such sixty (60) day period, the offerfrom the Selling Party shall be deemed to have been revoked and any subsequent offer from such Selling Party shall be subject tothe right of first refusal described herein.12.2. TERMINATION OF THE JOINT VENTURE.(a) If there is an Event of Bankruptcy with respect to either Party, then the other Party may elect either to terminate the JointVenture (and follow the liquidation procedures set forth in Article 22.3) or to purchase the interest of the Party who had an Eventof Bankruptcy for a purchase price equal to the market value of such interest as determined pursuant to subsection (c). Suchelection shall occur within 60 days after the Event of Bankruptcy unless prohibited by a bankruptcy court or other court ofcompetent jurisdiction; provided that once any such prohibition is no longer applicable, such election shall occur promptlythereafter. The other Party shall provide written notice to the Party who had an Event of Bankruptcy upon the election of the otherParty, which notice shall specify the effective date of the action elected by the other Party.(b) If the Parties shall agree to terminate the Joint Venture pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Parties agree to terminatethe Joint Venture and follow the liquidation procedures set forth in Article 22.3 unless the Parties otherwise agree.(c) Upon delivery by either Party of such Partys election to purchase the interest of the other Party upon the other Party having anEvent of Bankruptcy, the Board shall meet for the purpose of retaining a mutually acceptable, qualified investment banking,accounting or appraisal firm of national reputation with no conflict of interest with respect to either Party or any Affiliate thereof (a"Qualified Expert") to determine the market value of the Operating Company. If the Board is unable to select by unanimousagreement a single Qualified Expert, then the appraisal shall be arrived at by mutual agreement of two Qualified Experts, oneselected by each Party. If in such an instance either Party shall fail to appoint a Qualified Expert within fifteen (15) days after awritten request to do so, such failure shall be deemed acceptance of the conclusions and appraisal of such Qualified Expert as hasbeen appointed. If the Board unanimously selects a single Qualified Expert, the value of the Operating Company as determined bysuch Qualified Expert shall be final and binding upon both of the Parties. If two Qualified Experts are chosen, one by each Party,and such Qualified Experts either agree or the greater of the two valuations is no more than 110% of the lesser valuation, theaverage of the valuations of the Operating Company as determined by each such Qualified Expert shall be the value of theOperating Company for the purposes of this Article 12.2 and shall be final and binding upon both Parties. If two Qualified Expertsare chosen, one by each Party, and such Qualified Experts cannot agree within thirty (30) days of the appointment of the second ofsuch Qualified Expert (or their valuations differ by more than 10%), then (i) the two appointed Qualified Experts shall select a thirdQualified Expert, (ii) if the determination of any of the three Qualified Experts is greater than the two smallest determinations orsmaller than the two greatest determinations, in either case by more than 125% of the difference between such otherdeterminations, such determination will be disregarded and the average of the two remaining determinations shall be final andbinding upon both of the Parties and (iii) otherwise, the average of the three determinations of the three Qualified Experts shall befinal and binding upon both of the Parties. The market value for the interest of the Party who has had an Event of Bankruptcy shallequal the market value of the Operating Company as determined above times the interest of such Party in the Operating Companyas stated in Article 4.1.13. LIABILITIES.13.1. Igene (the "Indemnifying Party") shall indemnify and hold harmless TL, its Affiliates, the Operating Company and theManufacturing Company, and their respective officers, directors, shareholders and agents (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties")from and against any and all claims, demands, actions, lawsuits, proceedings, liabilities, losses, costs and expenses (includingreasonable attorneys fees and disbursements incurred by any of the Indemnified Parties in respect of any such claims, demands,actions, lawsuits or proceedings) arising from any actual or alleged infringement of any patent, trademark, trade name, trade dress,copyright, trade secret or other proprietary right (whether under the laws of any country or of the European Union) resulting fromthe ownership or use of the Technology by Igene or as contemplated herein, including without limitation a failure of the OperatingCompany to have unencumbered rights in the Technology as a result of the pending lawsuit (the "Lawsuit") styled Archer DanielsMidland Corporation v. Igene Biotechnology, Inc., United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Case No. S97-2358,or any similar claim.Intentionally deleted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment.14. WARRANTIES BY THE PARTIES14.1. Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party that:14.1.1. General Corporate Matters. (i) it is duly formed and validly existing, and it is in good standing in the state ofits incorporation and in each other state except where the failure to be in good standing would not have a materialadverse effect on the formation or operation of the Joint Venture, (ii) it is duly authorized and has the requisite powerto execute this Agreement and to form the Joint Venture and to do all other things necessary to implement the variousagreements contemplated in and by this Agreement, (iii) this Agreement has been duly executed, and constitutes thelegal, valid and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms, exceptto the extent that the enforceability thereof against such Party may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally or by equitable principles of generalapplication, (iv) none of such Partys Transferred Assets are subject to any liens or security interests (except liens fortaxes and materialsmens liens being contested in good faith which are not material in amount), and (v) it hasdisclosed to the other Party all material facts and circumstances existing on the date hereof which could reasonablybe likely to, in such Partys commercially reasonable judgment, have a material adverse effect on the Joint Venture.14.1.2. Litigation. There are no suits, actions, arbitrations, or legal, administrative or other proceedings orgovernmental investigations pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against or affecting it or any of its shareholdersor members that if decided adversely to it or its shareholders or members could reasonably be expected to have amaterial adverse effect on its business, operations or financial condition or that could reasonably be expected toprevent the consummation of the Joint Venture, except for the Lawsuit.14.1.3. Bankruptcy. There are no attachments, executions or assignments for the benefit of creditors, or voluntary orinvoluntary proceedings in bankruptcy, or under any other debtor relief laws, contemplated by or pending orthreatened against it. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, none of the following have been done by, againstor with respect to it: (i) the commencement of a case under Title 11 of the U.S. Code, as now constituted orhereafter amended, or under any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy law or other similar law; (ii) theappointment of a trustee or receive of any property interest; (iii) an assignment for the benefit of creditors; (iv) anattachment, execution or other judicial seizure of a substantial property interest; (v) the taking of, failure to take, orsubmission to, any action indicating an inability to meet its financial obligations as they accrue; or (vi) a dissolution orliquidation.14.2. Igene represents and warrants to TL (i) that the Technology, the Brands and all other Transferred Assets set forth inAppendix 3.2 constitute all know-how and intellectual property owned, used or possessed by Igene with respect to the Field ofAgreement, (ii) that it has good and workable title to the Transferred Assets, free and clear of any and all liens, claims andencumbrances, except for the Lawsuit, and (iii) this Agreement and each document contemplated hereby is sufficient to transferIgenes right, title and interest in the Transferred Assets to the Operating Company.14.3. Igene warrants to TL that the Technology, the Brands and other Transferred Assets do not infringe on any third-partypatent, trademark or other rights.14.4. TL represents and warrants to Igene that (i) the Manufacturing Facility will be constructed in accordance with the terms ofthe Construction Agreement, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances and (ii) the Manufacturing Facility will be aturnkey project capable of producing 14,000 kg per year of pure Astaxanthin.15. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT; TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT.15.1. The obligation of each Party to consummate the agreements and covenants set forth herein is subject to the satisfaction (orwaiver) on the Effective Date of the following conditions:A.Subject to Article 2.3, if necessary, approval shall have been received under the HSR Act and any otherapplicable competition law, or the waiting period thereunder shall have expired;B.Any other necessary governmental approvals for the formation and operation of the Joint Venture ascontemplated herein shall have been given (either expressly or by operation of law); andC.Approval of the Board of Directors of each of TL and Igene shall have been given.15.2. Without prejudice to the foregoing, without liability to the other Party except in the case of a breach of this Agreement, eitherParty shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement at any time from the date hereof up to Formation, if:A.Subject to Article 2.3, an order of any court, arbitrator, or governmental, regulatory or administrative body,shall be in effect which restrains or prohibits the transactions contemplated hereby;B.Any final and nonappealable determination of the Lawsuit or any other claim subject to indemnification underArticle 13 shall arise either of which, in the business judgment of TL, restricts the ability of Igene to performits obligations hereunder or with respect to the Operating Company or the Joint Venture;C.There has arisen, after the date of this Agreement, any bona fide claim or litigation involving, directly orindirectly, one or both of the Parties, of any member of either Party, or any shareholder, director, officer,employee, agent, consultant or representative of any Party, which may reasonably be expected to materiallyand adversely affect the Transferred Assets and/or the business falling with the Field of the Agreement; orD.There has been a material adverse change reasonably outside of the control of the Party seeking to terminatewith respect to the Transferred Assets of the other Party.E.The Effective Date has not occurred on or prior to March 3, 2003.16. OPERATIONS UNTIL TRANSFER.From and after the date hereof, each Party will use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that (i) no liens or security interest shall becreated or levied on the Transferred Assets (except liens for taxes and materialsmens liens being contested in good faith which arenot material in amount), and (ii) the assets to be transferred to the Operating Company, shall be operated in the ordinary course ofbusiness consistent with past business practices, and no portion thereof (except inventory sold in the ordinary course of business)shall be sold, conveyed, or otherwise transferred prior to transfer to the Operating Company.17. ASSIGNMENT; PLEDGE OF JOINT VENTURE INTEREST.Except as permitted pursuant to Article 13.1 hereof, neither Party shall assign or transfer this Agreement, or any and all relatedrights and obligations in the Joint Venture or all rights and all obligations in any related agreements, without the prior written consentof the other Party, which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, however, any Party may assign any orall of its interests in this Agreement or the Operating Company to a wholly-owned subsidiary (which shall at all times remain awholly-owned subsidiary, and such subsidiary may be a partnership, limited liability company, or corporation) or commonly-ownedaffiliate of Igene or TL, as the case may be, provided that the ultimate parent company (e.g. Igene or TL, as the case may be)shall guarantee such subsidiarys or affiliates performance hereunder. Without the prior written consent of the other Party, neitherIgene nor TL, as the case may be, shall pledge, encumber, or grant a security interest in, any interest (stock, membership orpartnership) in the Operating Company. Any permitted assignee shall, prior to the effectiveness of any assignment to such assignee,agree in writing to be bound by, and assume each obligation of the assigning Party under, this Agreement, and each other documentand agreement relating to the Joint Venture to which the assignor (or its Party) is a Party, which such written agreement shall be in aform satisfactory to the Party not assigning its interest hereunder.18. COSTS, FEES AND TAXES.18.1. Unless the Parties agree otherwise in writing and except as otherwise provided herein, each Party shall bear and pay its owncosts, expenses and fees incurred in connection with the making of this Agreement.18.2. Any and all stamp duties, transfer taxes, recording and filing fees, and other similar statutory costs, incurred or payable inconnection, directly or indirectly, with the transfer to the Operating Company of any of the Transferred Assets, or theimplementation of this Agreement and the formation of the Joint Venture, shall be borne and paid by the Joint Venture.Notwithstanding the previous sentence, any and all taxes relating to income, capital gains, or other similar taxes or charges shall beborne by the Party transferring the Transferred Assets to the Operating Company.19. NOTICES.19.1. Any notice to be served by one Party on the other in connection with this Agreement shall be validly served if delivered byovernight delivery service (costs pre-paid), confirmed fax, or delivered in person, to the following addresses (or such otheraddress as a Party may specify from time to time in accordance with this Article):A.Tate Lyle Fermentation Products Ltd.c/o Tate Lyle North America Inc.2200 E. Eldorado StreetDecatur, Illinois 62521Attn: General CounselFAX: 217-421-4704B.with a copy to:Tate Lyle North America Inc.2200 E. Eldorado StreetDecatur, Illinois 62521Attn: Chief Financial OfficerFAX: 217-421-4507C.Igene Biotechnology, Inc.9110 Red Branch RoadColumbia, Maryland 21045-2024Attention: Stephen F. HiuFAX: 410-730-0540TEL: 410-997-2599with a copy to:Stroock Stroock Lavan LLP180 Maiden LaneNew York, New York 10038Attention: Martin H. NeidellFAX: 212-806-7836TEL 212-806-5836After the Effective Date, the Operating Company shall give each of the Parties appropriate addresses for notices.19.2. Any notice validly served on a business day of the recipient and in accordance with Article 19.1 shall be deemed served onthe day of receipt in the case of faxed, hand-delivered, and overnight delivery service notices.20. LAW.This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to theconflicts of laws principles thereunder.21. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS.21.1. THIRD PARTIES. Except as expressly stated herein with respect to members of each Party, no person or entity not a Partyto this Agreement (including, without limitation, any employee of either Party or the Joint Venture) shall be a third-party beneficiaryof any provision of this Agreement, and nothing contained herein shall be construed or deemed to confer any benefit or right uponany third party.21.2. BROKERS. Each Party agrees to indemnify and hold the other harmless against any and all liability to any broker retainedby such Party in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.21.3. PRESS RELEASES. Except as required by law or securities exchange rules, public announcements and press releasesconcerning this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be made only as mutually agreed by the Parties.21.4. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; CONFIDENTIALITY.A.This Agreement, including the Appendices attached to this Agreement and the Recitals set forth herein,constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and all priorrepresentations, discussions and negotiations between the Parties and/or their representatives pertaining to thesubject matter of this Agreement are superseded. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the terms andprovisions of the certain Nondisclosure Agreement dated as of March 19, 2001 as amended August 5, 2002between the Parties shall remain in effect.B.Each Party (the "Recipient Party") agrees to hold in confidence and not to disclose either directly or indirectlyto any third party any technical, financial, commercial or other information (the "Information") as may berevealed or disclosed orally, in writing or otherwise to it by the other Party or by the Joint Venture (the"Disclosing Party") and shall refrain from using any such Information for any purpose whatsoever other than forthe purpose(s) for which the Information was disclosed or unless previously approved in writing by theDisclosing Party; provided, however, that these obligations shall not apply to Information:(i)which at the time of disclosure to the Recipient Party was in the public domain,(ii)which after disclosure to the Recipient Party becomes part of the public domain through no fault of saidParty,(iii)which at the time of disclosure to the Recipient Party was in its possession or was independentlydeveloped by the Recipient Party (and the Recipient Party can demonstrate such by written documentsdated before the time of disclosure),(iv)which disclosure is obtained by the Recipient Party from a third party which has not, either directly orindirectly, received the Information from the Disclosing Party; or(v)which disclosure is required otherwise by law, unless compelled to disclose such documents orinformation by judicial or administrative process.Specific Information shall not be deemed to be within the foregoing exceptions merely because such specificInformation may be construed as being within broader, non- confidential information which is either in thepublic domain or in the possession of the Receiving Party at the time of the disclosure of such Information, norshall a combination of features which form Information be deemed to be non-confidential merely because theindividual features, without being combined, are non-confidential. In any such instance where disclosureappears to be compelled by law, the first Party will notify the other Party so that such Party may avail itself ofsuch measures as may be available for protecting the confidentiality of such information; provided, however,that neither Party will be prohibited from using such documents and information in litigation against the otherParty.C.The Parties shall cause the Operating Company and the Manufacturing Company to adhere to similarobligations of confidentiality as set forth above with respect to Information received by it from either Party.D.Unless otherwise agreed between the Parties, the provisions of this clause shall survive the termination of thisAgreement and continue to be in force thereafter for a period of five (5) years.21.5. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be anoriginal, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures to this Agreement may be given byfacsimile or other electronic transmission, and such signatures shall be fully binding on the Party sending the same.21.6. AMENDMENT; WAIVER; HEADINGS. No waiver, modification or amendment of any provision, term, or condition ofthis Agreement shall be of any force or effect unless in writing and executed by each of the Parties. No usage of trade, course ofdealing or performance shall modify the terms or conditions of this Agreement. The headings in this Agreement are for convenienceonly and shall not be deemed a part of this Agreement.21.7. AUDITORS. The Parties will agree on the independent auditors of the Joint Venture. From time to time, each Party shallhave the right to have its own internal or external auditors review the books and records of the Joint Venture.21.8. SUPREMACY. Other than as set forth in this Agreement to the contrary, in the event of any conflict or inconsistencybetween the provisions of this Agreement and any other document related to the subject matter of this Agreement, which may beentered into by the Parties or between a member of any Party and the Joint Venture, from time to time, the provisions of thisAgreement shall prevail in each case, unless the Parties otherwise expressly agree in writing.21.9. TAX MATTERS. Each Party shall prepare its tax reports and returns in a manner not inconsistent with the tax reports andreturns of the Operating Company, except in the case of manifest error.21.10. GUARANTEE. Parent hereby guarantees the performance by TL of all of its obligations hereunder.22. DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEDURES; LIQUIDATION.22.1. At any time for so long as both TL and Igene own an interest in the Operating Company, at the request of either Party in awritten notice to the other Partys appointees to the Board, the Parties agree to negotiate in good faith to resolve expeditiously anycontroversies, claims or disputes between the Parties that may arise from time to time under this Agreement or otherwise relating tothe Joint Venture (each a "Board Dispute"). If, after a Board Dispute is addressed and recorded in the minutes in two regularquarterly Board meetings without resolution of such Board Dispute, then any such matter not so resolved shall be referred (bywritten notice by either Party to the other Partys general counsel and the other Partys appointees to the Board) to the PartyHeads, who shall have an initial meeting with respect to such matters within ten days of the date of such referral notice, and whoshall thereafter negotiate in good faith with each other for an additional twenty day period following the date of such initial meetingin an attempt to resolve any open issues.22.2. If any Board Dispute is not resolved through the procedure set forth in Article 22.1 after expiration of all of the time specifiedtherefor, either Party, in the thirty day period beginning upon the end of the twenty day period described in Article 22.1, mayprovide the other Party with a written notice (the "Offer Notice") stating that such Board Dispute is not resolved and setting forth aprice (the "Offer Price") and a list of three acceptable closing dates not less than ninety days after the expiration of the twenty-oneday period referred to in the next sentence; provided, that an Offer Notice may not be served earlier than (i) with respect to aBoard Dispute arising pursuant to Article 9.5(a) (General Manager Appointment), 9.5(k) (Operating Plans) (except as provided insubclause (ii) below), eighteen months from the Commencement Date, (ii) a Board Dispute arising pursuant to Article 9.5(b)(Capital Expenditures) or 9.5(k) (Operating Plans) that involves a contemplated expenditure which can be financed solely by theJoint Venture from its internal resources and/or using funds provided on normal commercial terms by any other party without anycontribution or guaranty from either Party, eighteen months from the Commencement Date and (iii) with respect to any other BoardDispute, fifty-four months from the Effective Date. Upon receipt of an Offer Notice, the other Party must elect prior to theexpiration of twenty-one days either to (a) sell its interest in the Operating Company for the Offer Price or (b) purchase the interestof the Party providing the Offer Notice for the Offer Price, which election in either case may be in a written notice which alsospecifies which of the closing dates identified in the notice delivered to such Party is preferred by such Party. On the closing datespecified in the response notice, the Parties shall consummate the transaction selected in the response notice unless both Partiesexpressly agree otherwise. The Party initiating the notice provided herein, shall be required to provide such Support Services asagreed in the appropriate Support Services Agreement described in Article 11.1 to the surviving entity at a price (that shall bereasonably consistent with the methodology used for determining prices prior to such conveyance) to be agreed upon by theParties for a transition period to allow the Operating Company to continue to obtain such services. Such transition period shall notexceed 12 months for the services set forth in Article 11.1.1 and Article 11.1.2 and shall not exceed 24 months for the services setforth in Article 11.1.4. The Party whose interest in the Operating Company is purchased shall take all reasonable steps tocooperate in the transition with the other Party so that the Joint Venture will be able to continue as an independent and functioningbusiness after termination of the Support Services. For all purposes under this Article 22.2, if each Party delivers an Offer Noticeto the other Party, the Offer Notice that is received on the earliest date shall be effective. If each Party receives an Offer Noticefrom the other Party on the same date, then the Offer Notice containing the highest cash Offer Price shall be effective.22.3. In the event the Parties (a) agree to liquidate the Joint Venture, (b) are required to liquidate the Joint Venture pursuant toArticle 12.2 or (c) do not send any notice under Article 22.2 in the period allowed therefor, either Party may, by notice to theBoard of such circumstance (the "Liquidation Notice"), commence the following liquidation process. Upon the Boards receipt of aLiquidation Notice, the Board shall meet to determine how to proceed. The Board may retain or appoint a Qualified Expert or anyother person to value the Joint Venture and to advise it in liquidating the Joint Venture. Each Party may also retain or appoint suchadvisors and experts as it may deem appropriate to advise such Party with respect to the liquidation of the Joint Venture. From andafter the Boards receipt of a Liquidation Notice, the Board shall proceed with the liquidation of the Joint Venture, and shall haveno authority and shall not continue the regular operations of the Joint Venture except to the extent necessary or appropriate topreserve or increase the value of the assets of the Joint Venture; provided that, the Board may elect to, and upon express electionby the Board thereby shall, for a specified period not to exceed six months, continue regular operations of the Joint Venture solelyfor the purpose of preserving its value while seeking to sell the Joint Venture as a whole, but if such period expires prior to the saleof the Joint Venture as a whole, the Board shall thereafter be required to sell the assets of the Operating Company reasonablyexpeditiously. The proceeds of any such liquidation shall be first used to pay the fees and expenses of the Qualified Experts and allremaining proceeds after payment of such fees shall be distributed between the Parties in proportion to their respective capitalaccounts.23. JOINT VENTURE TO BE BOUND.On the Formation Date, each of the Parties shall cause the Joint Venture (and each of its constituent entities) to agree to and beirrevocably bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, Article 13.[remainder of page intentionally left blank]IN WITNESS of the foregoing, the Parties have signed this Agreement as to the date first written above.TATE LYLE FERMENTATIONPRODUCTS LTD.IGENE BIOTECHNOLOGY, INC./s/ /s/ By: Its: Agreed and accepted for purposes of Section21.10 hereof only:TATE LYLE INDUSTRIES LTD./s/ By: Its: By: Its: