[Confidential Treatment Requested] Exhibit 10.11 CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT This Co-Branding Agreement (this "Agreement") dated March 3, 2000 (the"Effective Date") is entered into between VerticalNet, Inc., a Pennsylvaniacorporation having a principal place of business at 700 Dresher Road, Suite 100,Horsham, Pennsylvania, 19044 ("VerticalNet"), and Impresse Corporation, aCalifornia Corporation, having a principal place of business at 1309 South MaryAvenue, Sunnyvale, California, 94087 ("Impresse"). BACKGROUND WHEREAS, VerticalNet owns and operates a series of Online Communities(defined below) that are accessible via the World Wide Web, each of which isdesigned to be an online gathering place for businesses of a certain type orwithin a certain industry; and WHEREAS, Impresse desires to provide its commercial printing services(the "Impresse Services") to Users (defined below) of VerticalNet Sites (definedbelow); and WHEREAS, Impresse and VerticalNet desire to create Co-Branded Site(defined below) where users will be able to register to review and utilize theImpresse Services and to promote such Co-Branded Site on VerticalNet Sites. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein, andintending to be legally bound hereby, VerticalNet and Impresse agree as follows:1. DEFINITIONS 1.1. AFFILIATE shall mean, when used with reference to a party, anyindividual or entity directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or undercommon control with such party. For purposes of this definition, "control" meansthe direct or indirect ownership of at least 50% of the outstanding votingsecurities of a party, or the right to control the policy decisions of suchparty. 1.2. BANNER shall mean a graphical image advertising the Impresse Site thatis posted in an area reasonably designated by VerticalNet for similar banneradvertisements and shall contain a Link (defined below) to the Co-Branded Site. 1.3. CO-BRANDED CONTENT shall mean all materials, data and similarinformation presented on the pages of the Co-Branded Site. 1.4. CO-BRANDED SITE shall mean the Site (defined below) that contains botha Frame (defined below) and a Window (defined below) which includes the ImpresseArea (defined below) and the VerticalNet Area (defined below) of the Co-BrandedSite. 1.5. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION shall mean, subject to the provisions ofSection 7.2 [EXCLUSIONS], all proprietary and confidential information of a party, including,without limitation, trade secrets, technical information, business information,sales information, customer and potential customer lists and identities, productsales plans, sublicense agreements, inventions, developments, discoveries,software, know-how, methods, techniques, formulae, data, processes and othertrade secrets and proprietary ideas, whether or not protectable under patent,trademark, copyright or other areas of law, that the other party has access toor receives. For purposes of this Agreement, 1 Represents confidential information for which Impresse Corporation isseeking confidential treatment with the Securities and Exchange Commission.the Co-Branded Content shall not be considered Confidential Information ofImpresse. For purposes of this Agreement, this Agreement shall be consideredConfidential Information. 1.6. E-COMMERCE CENTER shall mean a web page on a VerticalNet Site which iscustomized by VerticalNet to include a vendors information, including thevendors branding; a Link to the vendors catalog, auction item listings; thevendors career center including employment information; archives of; and Linksto other related content locations. 1.7. FRAME shall mean a portion of a Web page which surrounds a Window onthe top and left. 1.8. IMPRESSE AREA shall mean the Window portion of the Impresse Site(defined below) less the Frame that will be placed around the Window of theCo-Branded Site. 1.9. IMPRESSE MARK shall mean any trademark, service mark, trade name,domain name, design or logo of Impresse or its Affiliates. 1.10. IMPRESSE SITE shall mean the Site located at www.impresse.com (andany successor Site thereto). 1.11. IMPRESSE-VERTICALNET REVENUE shall have the meaning defined inSection 4.6.2 [REVENUE SHARING]. 1.12. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY shall mean any and all trade secrets, patents,copyrights, trademarks, service marks, URLs, trade dress, brand features,know-how and similar rights of any type under the laws of any applicablegovernmental authority, including, without limitation, all applications andregistrations relating to any of the foregoing. 1.13. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS shall mean all rights in and toIntellectual Property, including, without limitation, all patent rights,copyrights, trademarks, service marks, know-how and trade secrets. 1.14. LAUNCH DATE shall mean the day on which the Co-Branded Site and theV-Solutions Area become fully operational and generally available on theInternet. 1.15. LINK shall mean a link, including but not limited to a hyperlink,Source: IMPRESSE CORP, S-1/A, 3/22/2000button or banner, that connects two Sites in a manner so that when a Userclicks on the link, the User is transferred directly from one Site to asecond Site. 1.16. NEWSLETTER shall mean a text message containing informationsupplied by Impresse and approved by VerticalNet (which approval shall not beunreasonably withheld) that is transmitted via e-mail to Users of theVerticalNet Sites who have provided their e-mail addresses to VerticalNetalong with permission to transmit such messages to the e-mail address. 1.17. ONLINE COMMUNITY shall mean a VerticalNet Site that acts as acomprehensive source of information, dialogue and commerce for and links toE-Commerce Centers and other Sites for a particular industry or servicemarket. 2 1.18. PROPRIETARY FEATURE shall mean any name, trademark, service mark,trade name, domain name, navigational element, copyright, or logo which isproprietary to Impresse and/or VerticalNet, as appropriate. 1.19. SITE shall mean a site located on the World Wide Web portion of theInternet. 1.20. TERM shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1 [TERMINATION AND RENEWAL] 1.21. URL shall mean a universal resource locator used for the purpose ofidentifying a Site located on the Internet. 1.22. USER shall mean a single person who accesses and views a Site whetherdirectly from a web browser or through a Link. 1.23. USER DATA shall mean all data generated by an Internet server thatrelates to file requests, user identification, transaction logs, session timesand other information regarding the Users generated or collected by or through aCo-Branded Site, but excluding any information that relates or refers to aparticular project of such User. 1.24. V-SOLUTIONS AREA shall mean a hub page accessible via a Link from thehome page of each VerticalNet Site which shall contain a list of categories ofbusiness services, with each category further listing entities that provide suchservices. Each individual company listing shall contain a Link to a Web pagehosted by VerticalNet that describes such company and the services it offers.The V-Solutions Area will also feature the V-Solutions Link (defined below). 1.25. V-SOLUTIONS LINK shall mean the Link from the V-Solutions Area to theCo-Branded Site. 1.26. VERTICALNET AREA shall mean the Frame area of the Co-Branded Site. 1.27. VERTICALNET MARK shall mean any trademark, service mark, trade name,domain name, design or logo of VerticalNet. 1.28. VERTICALNET-IMPRESSE USERS shall have the meaning defined in Section4.6.1 ["VerticalNet Impresse Users"] 1.29. VERTICALNET SITE shall mean a Site owned and operated by VerticalNetin the United States or a portion of such Site designated by VerticalNet. 1.30. WINDOW shall mean a portion of a Web page that is surrounded by aFrame. 1.31. YEAR 2000 COMPLIANT shall mean with respect to any computer softwarethat to the extent that such software contains date-dependent functionality,will: (1) contain four digit year codes, (2) properly process dates and datevalues before, through and beyond January 1, 2000, including date calculationswith dates both before and after January 1, 2000, and (3) not suffer any impacton performance as a result of dates beyond January 1, 2000; provided, however,that for this warranty to apply the operating systems on which such software isbeing run, and any network servers, Web browsers, databases and other softwarethat is used in conjunction with such software must also be Year 2000 Compliantas defined herein. 32. CO-BRANDED SITE 2.1. Impresse shall be responsible for: (a) the design, layout,development, hosting and maintenance of the Impresse Area of the Co-BrandedSite; (b) providing VerticalNet with reasonable instructions and informationregarding the Impresse Services; (c) providing a tabbed area prominentlyfeatured in a user interface within the Impresse Area of the Co-Branded Sitethat points to a VerticalNet Online Community or Online Communities; (d)modifying the Impresse online registration forms and system available on theCo-Branded Site to require Impresse users to identify and match their businessactivities with a VerticalNet Online Community or Online Communities; and (e)providing VerticalNet with the URL addresses for the Co-Branded Site. 2.2. VerticalNet shall be responsible for: (a) the design, layout,development, hosting and maintenance of the VerticalNet Area of the Co-BrandedSite; and (b) the design, layout, development, hosting and maintenance of theV-Solutions Link. 2.3. Beginning on the Launch Date and continuing during the Term,VerticalNet shall display the V-Solutions Area on the VerticalNet Sites.VerticalNet shall likewise, during the Term, implement and maintain theV-Solutions Link. 2.4. Beginning on the Launch Date and continuing during the Term,VerticalNet shall not place advertising relating to the commercial printingentities listed on Exhibit "A," or other such entities subsequently identifiedby Impresse, on the VerticalNet Area of the Co-Branded Site. 2.5. Impresse hereby grants to VerticalNet a non-exclusive,non-transferable, royalty-free, right and license to link to the Impresse Areaof the Co-Branded Site. Impresse shall permit Users who access the Co-BrandedSite to access and use Co-Branded Content from the Co-Branded Site for thepersonal use of such Users in accordance with the then-current terms ofImpresses standard license agreement governing the use of such Co-BrandedContent.Source: IMPRESSE CORP, S-1/A, 3/22/2000 2.6. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as preventing Impresse orVerticalNet from developing other co-branded versions of their materials, data,information and content.3. ONGOING SUPPORT 3.1. Impresse shall use commercially reasonable efforts to respond to allsupport requests by VerticalNet relating to the Co-Branded Site within oneBusiness Day (as defined below) of Impresses receipt of such notification.Impresse shall use reasonable efforts to cure the reported problem as soon asreasonably possible. VerticalNet shall provide Impresse with all informationreasonably requested by Impresse in connection with a reported problem for whichVerticalNet is requesting support under this Section 3.1 [ONGOING SUPPORT]. VerticalNet shall usecommercially reasonable efforts to respond to all support requests by Impresserelating to the Co-Branded Site within one Business Day (as defined below) ofVerticalNets receipt of such notification. VerticalNet shall use reasonableefforts to cure the reported problem as soon as reasonably possible. Impresseshall provide VerticalNet with all information reasonably requested byVerticalNet in connection with a reported problem for which Impresse isrequesting support under this Section 3.1 [ONGOING SUPPORT]. 4 [Confidential Treatment Requested] 3.2. Impresse will identify to VerticalNet primary and secondary contactswho will be familiar with the Co-Branded Site and this Agreement. VerticalNetwill identify to Impresse primary and secondary contacts who will be familiarwith the Co-Branded Site and this Agreement. 3.3. VerticalNet shall have access to technical support from Impresse bytelephone from 8 a.m. Pacific Standard Time to 5 p.m. Pacific Standard Time,Monday through Friday, Impresse holidays excluded (each a "Business Day,"collectively "Business Days"). Impresse shall have access to technical supportfrom VerticalNet by telephone from 6 a.m. Eastern Standard Time to 6 p.m.Eastern Standard Time, Monday through Friday, VerticalNet holidays excluded.4. THE COMMERCIAL TERMS 4.1. DEVELOPMENT FEES. For the design, development and integration of theV-Solutions Area and the VerticalNet Area of the Co-Branded Site, Impresse shallpay to VerticalNet a one-time, nonrefundable development fee in the amount of[] payable on the Effective Date. 4.2. SLOTTING FEES. For the display of the V-Solutions Area and theV-Solutions Link, Impresse shall pay to VerticalNet a slotting fee in the amountof [] payable pursuant to the terms of Section 4.5 [PAYMENT TERMS]. 4.3. BANNER/NEWSLETTER PURCHASE COMMITMENT. During the Term of thisAgreement, Impresse agrees to purchase from VerticalNet Banners andNewsletters for a total price of at least [] as set forth below in thisSection 4.3 [BANNER/NEWSLETTER PURCHASE COMMITMENT]. All prices for such Banners and Newsletters shall be offered toImpresse at a []% discount off of VerticalNets then current prices forsimilar Banners or Newsletters. All purchases shall be subject toVerticalNets standard terms and conditions governing advertising onVerticalNet Sites. Impresse agrees to purchase at least [] of such Bannersand Newsletters in each calendar quarter after the Effective Date until atotal of [] have been purchased, provided, the total dollar amountpurchased by Impresse in any calendar quarter shall not consist of greaterthan 70% of either Banners or Newsletters. Payment of the fees set forth inthis Section shall be made pursuant to the terms of Section 4.5 [PAYMENT TERMS]. 4.4. HOSTING FEE. Impresse shall pay VerticalNet a service fee of []for the hosting and maintenance of the Co-Branded Site and the V-Solutions Link,payable pursuant to the terms of Section 4.5 [PAYMENT TERMS]. 4.5. PAYMENT TERMS. Impresse shall pay the fees set forth in Sections4.2 [SLOTTING FEES], 4.3 [BANNER/NEWSLETTER PURCHASE COMMITMENT] and 4.4 [HOSTING FEE] as an aggregate, totaling [] payable in four equalquarterly installments of [] beginning on May 31, 2000 and thereafter onAugust 31, 2000 November 30, 2000 and February 28, 2001, respectively. 4.6. REVENUE SHARING. Impresse shall pay VerticalNet []of ImpresseVerticalNet Revenue accruing during the term of this Agreement, payable toVerticalNet on or before the thirtieth day of the calendar quarterimmediately following the quarter in which such revenue was collected byImpresse. Such payments shall be accompanied by a statement containingreasonable detail of the type and number of transactions from which theImpresse 5 Represents confidential information for which Impresse Corporation isseeking confidential treatment with the Securities and Exchange Commission.VerticalNet Revenue was derived, the total Impresse VerticalNet Revenue for suchperiod and the total fees payable to VerticalNet pursuant to this Section 4.6 [REVENUE SHARING]. 4.6.1. "VerticalNet Impresse Users" are the Users that register withImpresse through the Co-Branded Site, but specifically excluding those Userswho have previously registered with Impresse other than through theCo-Branded Site. 4.6.2. The "Impresse VerticalNet Revenue" is Impresses total nettransaction and subscription revenues collected by Impresse during the termof this Agreement from VerticalNet Impresse Users. 4.6.3. If government regulations prevent Impresse from sharing anyrevenues associated with Impresse Services, VerticalNet and Impresse shallnegotiate in good faith a compensation structure that seeks to provideVerticalNet with compensation equal to that set forth in Section 4.6 [REVENUE SHARING]. 4.7. TAXES. All payments required under this Agreement are exclusive offederal, state, local and foreign taxes, duties, tariffs, levies and similarassessments. When applicable, such taxes shall appear as separate items on apartys invoice or statement to the other party. Payment of such taxes orcharges shall be the responsibility of the party whose obligation it is underthis Agreement to make the payment in respect of which such taxes are assessed,excluding any taxes based upon the other partys net income. In lieu thereof, aparty shall provide the other party with a tax or levy exemption certificateacceptable to the taxing or levying authority.Source: IMPRESSE CORP, S-1/A, 3/22/2000 4.8. AUDITS. During the term of this Agreement and for one year thereafter,VerticalNet shall have the right to appoint a certified public accountant toaudit Impresses financial records relating to such payment to verify theaccuracy of Impresses financial records in order to verify the amount of thepayments owed and/or paid hereunder, but no more frequently than once per year.If the amount owed by Impresse to VerticalNet was underpaid, the additionalamount owed shall be paid to VerticalNet within 15 days of notice of suchunderpayment to Impresse. If the amount owed by Impresse to VerticalNet wasunderpaid in excess of 10% of the amount owed, the fees of such audit shall alsobe paid to VerticalNet within 15 days of notice of such to Impresse. If theamount owed by Impresse to VerticalNet was overpaid, the excess amount paidshall be returned by VerticalNet within 15 days of notice of such overpayment.VerticalNet shall give reasonable advance notice to Impresse of such audit andeach audit shall be conducted in a manner that does not cause unreasonabledisruption to the conduct of business by Impresse. The results of any such auditshall be deemed to be Confidential Information and may not be disclosed byeither party or its certified public accountants except as may be necessary toenforce such partys rights. 4.9. INTEREST. All payments not paid by the date such payments are dueshall bear interest from the due date to the date payments are actually paid atthe lower of (i) 1% per month or (ii) the maximum rate permitted by law.5. TERMINATION AND RENEWAL 5.1. The Term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shallend fifteen months therefrom. 6 5.2. Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon writtennotice to the other party in the event of any material breach of a term of thisAgreement by such other party that remains uncured 30 days after written noticeof such breach was received by such other party or, if the breach is notreasonably capable of cure within 30 days, such longer period, not to exceed 60days, so long as the cure is commenced within the 30-day period and thereafteris diligently prosecuted to completion as soon as possible and in any eventwithin 60 days. 5.3. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, (i) Impresse shallno longer have the right to use any VerticalNet Mark, (ii) VerticalNet shall nolonger have the right to use any Impresse Mark; (iii) Impresse may no longermake any Co-Branded Content available for access and use through the Co-BrandedSite; (iv) VerticalNet shall cease framing the Window in the Co-Branded Site;(v) VerticalNet shall remove the V-Solutions Link from the V-Solutions Area; and(vi) VerticalNet shall cease displaying or transmitting all Banners andNewsletters of Impresse. 5.4. Following expiration or termination of this Agreement, the terms andprovisions of Article 4 [THE COMMERCIAL TERMS] above shall continue to govern Impresses paymentobligations for any payment obligations accruing during the term of thisAgreement. Following termination, Impresse shall provide VerticalNet with afinal accounting with respect to this Agreement and tender payment of amountsdue under Article 4 [THE COMMERCIAL TERMS] at the next scheduled payment date.6. DISPUTE RESOLUTION 6.1. NEGOTIATION AND ESCALATION. If any controversy or claim arisesrelating to this Agreement, the parties will attempt in good faith to negotiatea solution to their differences, including progressively escalating anycontroversy or claim through senior levels of management. If negotiation doesnot result in a resolution within 30 days of the date one party first notifiesthe other of the controversy or claim, either party may resort to arbitrationunder Section 6.2 [ARBITRATION]. 6.2. ARBITRATION. Any controversy or claim between the parties concerningany breach or alleged breach of this Agreement or performance or nonperformanceof any obligation under this Agreement which cannot be resolved by negotiationwill be resolved by binding arbitration under this Section 6.2 [ARBITRATION] and thethen-current Commercial Rules and supervision of the American ArbitrationAssociation (the "AAA"). If any part of this Section 6.2 [ARBITRATION] is held to beunenforceable, it will be severed and will not affect either the duty toarbitrate or any other part of this Section 6.2 [ARBITRATION]. The arbitration will be heldbefore a sole disinterested arbitrator who is knowledgeable in businessinformation and the Internet and experienced in handling commercial disputes.The arbitrator shall be appointed jointly by the parties hereto within 30 daysfollowing the date on which the arbitration is instituted. If the parties areunable to agree upon the arbitrator within such 30-day period, the AAA shall beinstructed to select such arbitrator within 15 days thereafter. The arbitratorsaward will be final and binding and may be entered in any court havingjurisdiction. The arbitrator will not have the power to award punitive orexemplary damages, or any damages excluded by, or in excess of, any damagelimitations expressed in this Agreement. Issues of arbitrability will bedetermined in accordance solely with the federal substantive and procedural lawsrelating to arbitration; in all other respects, the arbitrator will be obligatedto apply and follow the substantive law of the State of Delaware. 7 6.3. EQUITABLE RELIEF. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in thisAgreement, in the event of an alleged violation of Article 7 [CONFIDENTIALITY] of this Agreementby either party, the party alleging such a violation may seek temporary andpermanent injunctive or other appropriate equitable relief from any court ofcompetent jurisdiction pending appointment of an arbitrator. The partyrequesting such relief shall simultaneously file a demand for arbitration of thedispute, and shall request that the AAA proceed under its rules for an expeditedhearing. 6.4. COSTS. Unless the arbitrator, if any, determines otherwise, each partywill bear its own attorneys fees and other costs associated with thenegotiation and arbitration provided for by this Article 6 [DISPUTE RESOLUTION], except that costsand expenses regarding the arbitrators shall be shared equally. If courtproceedings to stay litigation or compel arbitration are necessary, the partywho unsuccessfully opposes such proceedings will pay all associated costs,expenses and attorneys fees that are reasonably incurred by the other party. Tothe extent that any claim in arbitration relates to the collection of amountsowed under Article 4 [THE COMMERCIAL TERMS], the party entitled to collect such amounts shall beentitled to recover all reasonable costs of collection, including expenses andattorneys fees that are incurred. 6.5. TWO YEAR LIMITATION. Except for claims under Sections 9.4 [INDEMNIFICATION BY IMPRESSE] and 9.5 [INDEMNIFICATION BY VERTICALNET]Source: IMPRESSE CORP, S-1/A, 3/22/2000hereof, neither party may bring a claim or action regardless of form, arisingout of or related to this Agreement, including any claim of fraud ormisrepresentation, more than two years after the cause of action accrues orbecomes known, whichever is later. 6.6. CONFIDENTIALITY. In order to facilitate the resolution ofcontroversies or claims between the parties with respect to each party hereto,such controversies or claims, including details regarding negotiations,arbitration and settlement terms, shall be treated as Confidential Informationof the other party hereto in accordance with Article 7 [CONFIDENTIALITY]. 6.7. REMEDIAL MEASURES. In the event of (a) any material remediable breachof this Agreement by the other party which remains uncured 30 days after noticeof such breach was received by the other party or (b) any material breach whichcannot be cured, the non-breaching party may take reasonable remediable measuresupon prior written notice and at the cost and expense of the breaching partywithout prejudice and in addition to any other rights arising from such breach.In addition, the non-breaching party shall take reasonable steps to mitigatedamages arising out of such breach.7. CONFIDENTIALITY 7.1. CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS. Except as permitted elsewhere under thisAgreement, each party agrees to take Reasonable Steps (as defined below) (a) toreceive and maintain the Confidential Information of the other party inconfidence and (b) not to disclose such Confidential Information to any thirdparties, provided, the receiving party may disclose such ConfidentialInformation to its employees, representatives and agents who have a need to knowsuch information for purposes of carrying out the terms of this Agreement.Neither party hereto shall use all or any part of the Confidential Informationof the other party for any purpose other than to perform its obligations underthis Agreement. The parties will take Reasonable Steps (as defined below) toensure that their employees, representatives and agents comply with thisprovision. As used herein, "Reasonable Steps" means at least the same degree ofcare that the 8receiving party uses to protect its own Confidential Information, and, in noevent, not less than reasonable care. 7.2. EXCLUSIONS. "Confidential Information" does not include informationthat (a) is or becomes publicly available through no fault of the receivingparty; (b) was already known to the receiving party at the time it was disclosedto the receiving party, as evidenced by records of the receiving party; (c) isindependently developed by employees of the receiving party who had no knowledgeof or access to such information, as evidenced by records of the receivingparty; (d) is received from a third party who is under no obligation ofconfidentiality to the disclosing party; or (e) must be disclosed pursuant toapplicable laws, rules or regulations; provided, however, that the receivingparty first gives the disclosing party notice and a reasonable opportunity tosecure confidential protection of such Confidential Information. 7.3. TERMINATION. Subject to Section 10.11 [SURVIVAL], upon termination of thisAgreement, all Confidential Information shall be returned to the disclosingparty or, at the request of the disclosing party, destroyed unless otherwisespecified or permitted elsewhere under this Agreement. Subject to Section 7.6 [USER DATA],the confidentiality obligations contained in this Article 7 [CONFIDENTIALITY] shall survivetermination of this Agreement for a period of three years. 7.4. INJUNCTION. Each party acknowledges and agrees that the provisions ofthis Article 7 [CONFIDENTIALITY] are reasonable and necessary to protect the other partysinterests in its Confidential Information, that any breach of the provisions ofthis Article 7 [CONFIDENTIALITY] may result in irreparable harm to such other party, and that theremedy at law for such breach may be inadequate. Accordingly, in the event ofany breach or threatened breach of the provisions of this Article 7 [CONFIDENTIALITY] by a partyhereto, the other party, in addition to any other relief available to it at law,in equity or otherwise, shall be entitled to seek temporary and permanentinjunctive relief restraining the breaching party from engaging in and/orcontinuing any conduct that would constitute a breach of this Article 7 [CONFIDENTIALITY], withoutposting a bond or other security. 7.5. PUBLICITY. Neither party will originate any press release concerningthe relationship between the parties or the transactions described in thisAgreement without the prior written consent of the other party, which consentshall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, assoon as reasonably practicable following the Effective Date, VerticalNet andImpresse shall jointly issue a press release with respect to entering into thisAgreement. 7.6. USER DATA. Impresse shall provide VerticalNet with User Data on eachUser that submits information through the Co-Branded Site by sending an emailwith such information to an email address designated by VerticalNet at the timethe request occurs. User Data shall be maintained by each Party as ConfidentialInformation of the other Party during the Term and 5 years thereafter, providedsuch User Data may be disclosed only as part of an aggregation or analysis ofall User Data but not as independent data. Upon termination of the Agreement,VerticalNet and Impresse shall jointly own all User Data. Neither Party shalluse the User Data other than in accordance with the VerticalNet privacy policyand all applicable laws during the Term and thereafter. 98. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 8.1. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Each party hereby represents,covenants and warrants that: 8.1.1. It has the corporate power to enter into this Agreementand to grant the rights and licenses granted herein and to otherwise performthis Agreement; 8.1.2. It is not a party to any agreement or understanding andknows of no law or regulation that would prohibit it from entering into andperforming this Agreement or that would conflict with this Agreement; 8.1.3. When executed and delivered by it, this Agreement willconstitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of it, enforceable againstit in accordance with this Agreements terms, except as enforcement may belimited by laws or regulations relating to bankruptcy, insolvency andcreditors rights or by principles of equity;Source: IMPRESSE CORP, S-1/A, 3/22/2000 8.1.4. The portions of the Co-Branded Site provided by suchparty are and will continue to be Year 2000 Compliant; 8.1.5. To the best of its knowledge, the portions of theCo-Branded Site provided by such party and its own Site do not and will not(i) contain any known viruses, Trojan Horse, worm or harmful code the purposeof which is to disable or interrupt the operating of a computer system ordestroy, erase or otherwise harm any data, software or hardware, (ii) containany false, misleading, libelous or defamatory statements, (iii) constitute aninvasion of the rights of privacy or publicity of any third party, (iv)violate any applicable laws, rules and regulations or (v) infringe, violateor misappropriate any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party.9. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION 9.1. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES BY VERTICALNET. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSELY SETFORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, VERTICALNET HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS,IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, WITH RESPECT TO THE VERTICALNET SITES, THE V-SOLUTIONSAREA, THE V-SOLUTIONS LINK AND THE VERTICALNET AREA OF THE CO-BRANDED SITE,INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY ANDFITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. VERTICALNET EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALLWARRANTIES AS TO THE USER INTERFACE OR USER EXPERIENCE ASSOCIATED WITH THEVERTICALNET SITES AND RESERVES THE RIGHT, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, TO MODIFY THEPLACEMENT OF ALL LINKS, URLS AND PROPRIETARY FEATURES; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THATIN THE EVENT VERTICALNET REDESIGNS THE USER INTERFACE, SUCH LINKS, URLS ANDPROPRIETARY FEATURES SHALL RECEIVE MUTUALLY AGREEABLE PLACEMENT SUBSTANTIALLYSIMILAR TO THE ORIGINAL DESIGN. 10 9.2. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES BY IMPRESSE. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTHIN THIS AGREEMENT, IMPRESSE HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIEDOR STATUTORY, WITH RESPECT TO THE IMPRESSE AREA OF THE CO-BRANDED SITE ANDTHE IMPRESSE SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OFMERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 9.3. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH BY EITHERPARTY OF ARTICLE 7 OR SECTION 8.1.5 [REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES] (v) AND THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OFIMPRESSE UNDER SECTION 9.4(i)(d) [INDEMNIFICATION BY IMPRESSE] AND THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OFVERTICALNET UNDER SECTION 9.5(i)(d) [INDEMNIFICATION BY VERTICALNET], NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANYSPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OFOR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITYOF SUCH DAMAGES. 9.4. INDEMNIFICATION BY IMPRESSE. Subject to Section 9.6 [PROCEDURE], Impresse shall(i) defend at its sole expense VerticalNet and its officers, directors,employees and agents from and against any action, suit, proceeding orinvestigation brought by a third party and caused by, relating to, based upon,arising out of or in connection with (a) any breach by Impresse of therepresentations, warranties or agreements made by it in Section 8 of thisAgreement, (b) negligence, recklessness or intentional misconduct on the part ofImpresse or its officers, directors, employees, agents or consultants, (c) anyclaim arising out of VerticalNets authorized use or possession of the portionsof the Co-Branded Site provided by Impresse and the Impresse Site as permittedby this Agreement; or (d) any claim that any portion of the Impresse Site or theImpresse Area of the Co-Branded Site violates, infringes or misappropriates anyIntellectual Property Right of any third party and (ii) pay all authorizedcosts, expenses and disbursements incurred in such defense, and any damages,liabilities, obligations, penalties or judgments awarded in any such action, orany settlement amount agreed to by Impresse. 9.5. INDEMNIFICATION BY VERTICALNET. Subject to Section 9.6 [PROCEDURE], VerticalNetshall (i) defend at its sole expense Impresse and its officers, directors,employees and agents from and against any action, suit, proceeding orinvestigation brought by a third party, caused by, relating to, based upon,arising out of or in connection with (a) any breach by VerticalNet of therepresentations, warranties or agreements made by it in Section 8 of thisAgreement, (b) negligence, recklessness or intentional misconduct on the part ofVerticalNet or its officers, directors, employees, agents or consultants, (c)any claim arising out of Impresses use or possession of the portions of theCo-Branded Site provided by VerticalNet and the VerticalNet Sites as permittedby this Agreement; or (d) any claim that any portion of the VerticalNet Site orthe VerticalNet Area of the Co-Branded Site violates, infringes ormisappropriates any Intellectual Property Right of any third party and (ii) payall costs, expenses and disbursements authorized by the Indemnitor (definedbelow) incurred in such defense, and any damages, liabilities, obligations,penalties or judgments awarded in any such action, or any settlement amountagreed to by VerticalNet. 11 9.6. PROCEDURE. If any action shall be brought against a party in respectto which indemnity may be sought from the other party pursuant to the provisionsof this Article 9 [DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY, LIMITATION OF LI...], the party seeking indemnity (the "Indemnitee") shall followthe procedures in this Section. If an Indemnitee receives any notice of a claimor other allegation with respect to which the other party (the "Indemnitor") hasan obligation of indemnity hereunder, then the Indemnitee will, within 15 daysof receipt of such notice, give the Indemnitor written notice of such claim orallegation setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstancessurrounding the claim. The Indemnitee will not make any payment or incur anycosts or expenses with respect to such claim, except as requested by theIndemnitor or as necessary to comply with this procedure. The Indemnitee willnot make any admission of liability or take any other action that limits theability of the Indemnitor to defend the case. The Indemnitor shall immediatelyassume the full control of the defense or settlement of such claim orallegation, including the selection and employment of counsel, and shall pay allauthorized costs and expenses of such defense. The Indemnitee will fullycooperate, at the expense of the Indemnitor, in the defense or settlement of theclaim. The Indemnitee shall have the right, at its own expense, to employseparate counsel and participate in the defense or settlement of the claim;provided that the Indemnitor shall have no liability for costs or expensesincurred by the Indemnitee, except to the extent authorized by the Indemnitorpursuant to this procedure. 9.7. ESSENTIAL PART OF BARGAIN. The parties acknowledge that thedisclaimers and limitations set forth in this Article 9 [DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY, LIMITATION OF LI...] are an essential elementof this Agreement between the parties and that the parties would not haveentered into this Agreement without such disclaimers and limitations.Source: IMPRESSE CORP, S-1/A, 3/22/200010. MISCELLANEOUS 10.1. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. 10.1.1. Except for the express rights granted to Impresse underthis Agreement, Impresse acknowledges and agrees that the IntellectualProperty of VerticalNet is and shall remain the sole property of VerticalNetand nothing in this Agreement shall confer in Impresse any right of ownershipor license rights in VerticalNets Intellectual Property. In addition,Impresse shall not now or in the future contest the validity of VerticalNetsownership of its Intellectual Property; provided, however, that Impresse maycontest the validity of VerticalNets Intellectual Property in any proceedingbrought against Impresse alleging infringement or misappropriation ofVerticalNets Intellectual Property. 10.1.2. Except for the express rights granted to VerticalNetunder this Agreement, VerticalNet acknowledges and agrees that theIntellectual Property of Impresse is and shall remain the sole property ofImpresse and nothing in this Agreement shall confer in VerticalNet any rightof ownership or license rights in Impresses Intellectual Property. Inaddition, VerticalNet shall not now or in the future contest the validity ofImpresses ownership of its Intellectual Property; provided, however, thatVerticalNet may contest the validity of Impresses Intellectual Property inany proceeding brought against VerticalNet alleging infringement ormisappropriation of Impresses Intellectual Property. 12 10.2. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpretedunder the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflicts of lawprovisions. 10.3. NO ASSIGNMENT. Except as otherwise set forth herein, neither partyshall transfer, assign or cede any rights or delegate any obligations hereunder,in whole or in part, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, without theprior written consent of the other party, which consent may be withheld at theother partys reasonable business discretion; provided, however, that eitherparty may transfer this Agreement without prior written consent of the other toan Affiliate of such party, or to the surviving party in a merger orconsolidation, or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of its assets. 10.4. GOOD FAITH. The parties undertake to display to each other the utmostgood faith, consistent with their respective rights and obligations set forth inthis Agreement. 10.5. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS. In connection with this Agreement, eachparty is an independent contractor. This Agreement does not, and shall not beconstrued to, create an employer-employee, agency, joint venture or partnershiprelationship between the parties. Neither party shall have any authority to actfor or to bind the other party in any way, to alter any of the terms orconditions of any of the other partys standard forms of invoices, salesagreements, warranties or otherwise, or to warrant or to execute agreements onbehalf of the other or to represent that it is in any way responsible for theacts, debts, liabilities or omissions of the other party. 10.6. NOTICES. All notices, reports, payments and other communicationsrequired or permitted to be given under this Agreement (each, a "Notice") shallbe in writing and shall be given either by personal delivery against a signedreceipt, by express delivery using a nationally recognized overnight courier, orby facsimile. All Notices shall be properly addressed as follows, or to suchother addresses as may be specified in a Notice given hereunder:IF TO VERTICALNET:Attn: General CounselVerticalNet, Inc.700 Dresher Road, Suite 100Horsham, Pennsylvania 19044Tel No.: (215) 315-3200Fax No.: (215) 784-1962IF TO IMPRESSE:Attn: Siva KumarImpresse Corporation1309 South Mary AvenueSunnyvale, CA 94087Phone No.: (408) 530-2022Fax No.: (408) 245-8336 13A Notice shall be deemed to be effective upon personal delivery or, if sent viaovernight delivery, upon receipt thereof. A Notice sent via facsimile is deemedeffective on the same day (or if such day is not a business day, then on thenext succeeding business day) if such facsimile is sent before 3:00 p.m.Prevailing Eastern Time and on the next day (or if such day is not a businessday, then on the next succeeding business day) if such Notice is sent after 3:00p.m. Prevailing Eastern Time. 10.7. AMENDMENT OR MODIFICATION. No subsequent amendment, modification orwaiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless inwriting and signed by the parties. 10.8. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement sets out the entire agreementbetween the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement andsupersedes all prior agreements, proposals, arrangements and communications,whether oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof. 10.9. SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement is held by atribunal of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, or otherwiseunenforceable in any jurisdiction, then to the fullest extent permitted by law(a) the same shall not effect the other terms or provisions of this Agreement,(b) such term or provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary inthe tribunals opinion to render such term or provision enforceable, and therights and obligations of the parties shall be construed and enforcedaccordingly, preserving to the fullest extent the intent and agreements of theparties set forth herein and (c) such finding of invalidity, illegality orunenforceability shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability ofSource: IMPRESSE CORP, S-1/A, 3/22/2000such term or provision in any other jurisdiction. 10.10. NO WAIVER. Failure to enforce any term of this Agreement is not awaiver of future enforcement of that or any other term. No term or provision ofthis Agreement will be deemed waived and no breach excused unless such waiver orexcuse is in writing and signed by the party against whom enforcement of suchwaiver or excuse is sought. 10.11. SURVIVAL. Sections 5.3 [TERMINATION AND RENEWAL] and 5.4 [TERMINATION AND RENEWAL], and Articles 6 [DISPUTE RESOLUTION], 7, 8, 9 and 10, anypayment obligations of the parties hereunder accruing prior to the date oftermination; and any other provision herein expressly surviving termination ornecessary to interpret the rights and obligations of the parties in connectionwith the termination of the term of this Agreement will survive the terminationor expiration of this Agreement. 10.12. NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. Nothing in this Agreement is intendedto confer benefits, rights or remedies unto any person or entity other than theparties and their permitted successors and assigns. 10.13. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. Each party hereby irrevocably waives allrights a party may have to a trial by jury in any legal action or proceedingarising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the transactionscontemplated hereby. 10.14. TITLES. The headings appearing at the beginning of the Sectionscontained in this Agreement have been inserted for identification and referencepurposes only and shall not be used to determine the construction orinterpretation of this Agreement. The nomenclature of the 14defined terms in this Agreement shall only be used for the construction ofthis Agreement, and are not to be used for any other purpose, including, butnot limited to, interpretation for accounting purposes. 10.15. FORCE MAJEURE. Neither party shall be held to be in breach of thisAgreement by reason of a force majeure event, including, but not limited to, actof God, delay in transportation, fire, flood, earthquake, storm, war, act of apublic enemy, civil commotion or any law, rule, regulation, order or otheraction by any public authority or any other matter reasonably beyond a partyscontrol. To the extent failure to perform is caused by such a force majeureevent, such party shall be excused from performance hereunder so long as suchevent continues to prevent such performance, and provided the non-performingparty takes all reasonable steps to resume full performance. 10.16. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. Each party shall comply with all prevailinglaws, rules and regulations and obtain all necessary approvals, consents andpermits required by the applicable agencies of the government of thejurisdictions that apply to its activities or obligations under this Agreement. 10.17. EXECUTION IN COUNTERPARTS, FACSIMILES. This Agreement may beexecuted in one or more counterparts, each of which when delivered to the otherparty shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute oneand the same instrument. This Agreement shall become binding when any one ormore counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, bear the signatures ofboth parties hereto. For the purposes hereof, a facsimile copy of thisAgreement, including the signature pages hereto, shall be deemed an original.IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties to the Agreement by their duly authorizedrepresentatives have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.VERTICALNET, INC. IMPRESSE CORPORATIONBy: /s/ Michael Hagon By: /s/ Siva Kumar ------------------------------- ----------------------------Name: Name: ----------------------------- --------------------------Title: Title: ---------------------------- ------------------------- 15Source: IMPRESSE CORP, S-1/A, 3/22/2000