FRANCHISE AGREEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTSI. INTRODUCTIONII. AGREEMENT 1. Definitions 2. Franchise Grant; Term 2.1 Grant 2.2 Term 2.3 No Renewal Right: No Exclusivity 2.4 Continuous Operation 2.5 Best Efforts 3. Consideration for Franchise Grant 4. Management, Control and Corporate Documents of Franchisee 4.1 Managing Director 4.2 Director of Operations 4.3 Substitute Director of Operations 4.4 Restaurant Manager 4.5 Corporate Documents 4.5.1 Single Purpose Entity 4.5 2 Managing Directors Authority 4.5.3 Issuance and Transfer of Shares 4.5.4 Amendments 5. Standards and Uniformity 5.1 Strict Compliance 5.2 The MOD Manual 5.3 Building and Premises 5.3.1 Initial Construction 5 3 2 Repair and Maintenance 5 3.3 Current Image 5.4 Signs 5.5 Equipment 5.6 Vending Machines, Etc. 5 7 Menu Service and Hygiene 5.8 Hours of Operations 5.9 Uniforms 5.10 Advertising and Promotion Materials 5.11 Interference with Employment Relations of Others 5.12 Improvements 5.13 Self-Audit 5.14 Health Problems 5.15 Right of Entry, Inspection and Closure 5.16 Sources of Supply 5.16.1 Authorized Suppliers 5.16.2 Self-Supply 5.16.3 Limit on BKC Responsibility 5. 16.4 Franchisees Responsibilities 6. Services to Franchisee 6.1 Services Provided By BKC 6.2 Services Not Provided By BKC 6.3 Optional Services 7. Location 7.1 Exclusive Purpose 7.2 Damage to Franchised Restaurant 8. Training and Staffing 8.1 Pre-Opening Training 8.2 New Director of Operations 8.3 Training Program 9. Royalty and Advertising Contribution 9.1 Royalty 9.1.1 Payment of Royalty 9.1.2 Inability to Remit Royalty 9. 2. Advertising and Sales Promotion 9.2.1 Franchisees Administration of Ad Fund 9.2.2 BKCs Right to Administer Funds 9.2.3 Administration 9.2.4 Compliance with Laws and Policies 9.3 Gross Sales 9.4 Interest and Attorneys Fees ii 10. Accounting Procedures; Right of Audit. 10.1 Accounting 10.2 Annual Financial Statements 10.3 Audits 10.4 Release of Financial Information 10.5 Polling 10.5.1 POS Systems 10.5.2 Authorized Polling 10.5.3 Other Information 11. Limitations of Franchise 11.1 Trademarks, Trade Names, Service Marks and Trade Secrets 11.1.1 Registration Assistance by Franchisee 11.1.2 Ownership 11 1.3 Confidentiality of trade Secrets 11.1 4 Registered User Agreements 11.1.5 No Impairment of Marks 11.1.6 Assignment of Righits in Marks 11.1.7 Infringement, Etc. 11.1.8 Registered Marks 11.1 9 Franchisee Name 11.1.10 Registration of Agreement 11.2 Independent Contractor 11.2.1 No Agency 11.2.2 Public Notice of Independence 12. Unfair Competition 13. Insurance; Indemnification 13.1 General Liability Insurance 13.2 Workers Compensation, Etc. 13.3 Indemnity 14. Taxes 14.1 Payment When Due 14.2 Withholding Taxes 14.3 Election 15. Disposal 15.1 Transfer of Interest by Franchisee 15.2 Transfer of Interest by Principals 15.3 Notice of Proposed Transfer 15.4 Right of First Refusal iii 15.4.1 Notice; Exercise of Option 15.4.2 No Waiver 15.4.3 Unauthorized Transfer Void 15.4.4 Sale; BKC Consent 15.5 BKC Consent to Transaction 15.5.1Transfer of Substantially All Assets or Transfer of Stock by Principal 15.5.2 Securities Offerings 15.5.2 1 Compliance with BKC Requirements 15.5.2.2 Submission to BKC 15.5.2.3 Registration Rights: Secondary Offerings 15.5.2.4 BKC Expenses 15.5.3 Certain Exceptions 15.6 No Waiver 15.7 Death or Mental Incapacity of Principal 15.8 Corporate Documents 15.9 Assignment by BKC 16. The Principals 16.1 Stock Ownership 16.2 Compliance by Principals 16.3 Guaranty 17. Defaults and Effects of Termination 17.1.1 Events of Default by Franchisee 17.1.2 Event of BKC De fault 1 7.2 Termination 17.3 Effect of Termination 17.4 Post-Termination Option 17.5 Post-Termination Obligations of Franchisee 17.5.1 Options to Purchase Location 17.5.2 Deidentification 17.5.3 BKC Lien 17.5.4 Acceleration of Payments 17.6 Dispute Resolution 18. Restrictive Covenant iv 19. Miscellaneous: General Conditions 19.1 Interpretation 19.2 Non-Waiver 19.3 Governing Law/Jurisdiction 19.4 Licenses, Permits. Etc. 19.5 Compliance with Laws 19.6 Remedies 19.7 Severability 19.8 Notices 19.8.1 Notice to BKC 19.8.2 Notice to Franchisee/Principals 19.8.3 Delivery 19.9 Language 19.10 Modification 19.11 Binding Effect 19.12 Currency 19.13 Survival 19.14 Agency 20. Entire Agreement 21. independent AdviceIII. SCHEDULE 1IV. SCHEDULE 2V. EXHIBIT A - Poland Trademarks v FRANCHISE AGREEMENT ------------------- Corporate ---------AGREEMENT dated 199Between BURGER KING CORPORATION a company incorporated in Florida, United States of America with its principal office and place of business at 17777 Old Cutler Road, Miami, Florida, United States of America ("BKC")AND The party specified as the Franchisee on SCHEDULE 1 attached hereto (the "Franchisee")AND The party or parties specified as the Principals on SCHEDULE 1 attached hereto (collectively, the "Principals" and individually, a "Principal") INTRODUCTION A. BKC has developed a system (the "Burger King System") for theoperation of quick service restaurants ( "Burger King Restaurants"). The BurgerKing System includes proprietary designs for restaurant buildings, equipment anddecor, a proprietary service format, standardized product and qualityspecifications, and such trademarks, service marks and other marks as BKC mayauthorize for use in connection with the operation of Burger King Restaurants(the "Burger King Marks"). B. The Franchisee possesses knowledge and market information concerningthe operation of Burger King Restaurants in the Republic of Poland and theFranchisee recognizes that BKC has not made any representations concerning thelevel and extent of the awareness of the Burger King Marks or the Burger KingSystem or the likelihood that any such awareness can or will be established inPoland or as to the availability of local sources of supply in Poland or theability of any supplier to meet standards for approval by BKC. The Franchiseehas requested a license to operate a Burger King Restaurant. The Franchiseerepresents that BKC has not made, and the Franchisee is not relying upon, anyrepresentation as to the profits and/or sales volumes which Franchisee might beexpected to realize, or costs or levels of costs which Franchisee might beexpected to incur, or the prospects of success for Franchisee or Burger KingRestaurants in Poland. C. The Franchisee acknowledges and represents to BKC that it isentering into this Agreement after having made an independent investigation ofBKC and its operations and of market and economic conditions in the Republic ofPoland. The Franchisee represents that BKC has not made, and that the Franchisee 1is not relying upon, any representation as to the profits and/or sales volumeswhich Franchisee might be expected to realize, or costs or levels of costs whichthe Franchisee might be expected to incur, or the prospects of success for theFranchisee or Burger King Restaurants in Poland, or the level or extent of theawareness of the Burger King Marks or the Burger King System or brand in Polandor the likelihood that any such awareness can or will be established in Poland,or the availability of local sources of supply in Poland or the ability of anysuch local sources of supply to meet standards for approval by BKC. TheFranchisee further represents and agrees that BKC and persons acting on itsbehalf have not made, and the Franchisee is not relying upon, anyrepresentations or promises that are not contained in this Agreement. D. Each of the Principals owns an equity interest in the Franchisee. AGREEMENT In consideration of the fees and other sums payable by the Franchisee andthe mutual covenants herein, the parties agree as follows:1. DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Agreement, the following expressionsshall have the meanings given to them below: 1.1 "Affiliate" means any company which is directly or indirectlycontrolled by BKC, controls BKC, or is controlled by a company which in turncontrols BKC, and "control" for these purposes means de facto control. 1.2 "Burger King Marks" has the meaning ascribed to it in Paragraph A ofthe introduction. 1.3 "Burger King System" has the meaning ascribed to it in Paragraph Aof the introduction. 1.4 "Current Image" means the then current, BKC approved physicalappearance of new Burger King Restaurants as it relates to signage, fascia,color schemes, menu boards, lighting, furniture, finishes and othernon-structural matters generally. 1.5 "Franchised Restaurant" means the buildings at the Location and thebusiness carried out at the Location. 1.6 "Gross Sales" has the meaning ascribed to it in Subparagraph 9.3. 1.7 "Location" has the meaning ascribed to it on SCHEDULE 1. 2 1.8 "Director of Operations" has the meaning ascribed to it inSubparagraph 4.1 and on SCHEDULE 1. 1.9 "Managing Director" has the meaning ascribed to it in Subparagraph4.3 and on SCHEDULE 1. 1.10 "MOD Manual" means all volumes of the Manual of Operating Datasetting out BKCs standards, specifications and procedures of operation, asrevised from time to time by BKC including both required and recommended.2. FRANCHISE GRANT TERM. 2.1 GRANT. In reliance upon the application and information furnished bythe Franchisee, and subject to the terms and conditions contained in thisAgreement, BKC grants to the Franchisee a license to use the Burger King Systemand the Burger King Marks in the operation of a Burger King Restaurant at thatLocation. 2.2 TERM. The license hereby granted shall commence on the date theFranchised Restaurant opens for business (the "Commencement Date"), and, unlesssooner terminated in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement,shall continue for the period of years set forth on SCHEDULE 1 hereto (the"Term"). 2.3 NO RENEWAL RIGHT; NO EXCLUSIVITY. The Franchisee acknowledges andagrees that this license is a license for the operation of a Burger KingRestaurant at the Location only and that the Franchisee has no right to anyexclusive territory or to object to the location of an additional Burger KingRestaurant at a site which is in the immediate proximity of the FranchisedRestaurant and/or in the same trading area of the Franchised Restaurant Subjectto the Restaurant Development Agreement between BKC and International Fast FoodCorporation dated March 14, 1997, (the "Development Agreement"), the developmentand location of additional Burger King Restaurants shall be determined by BKC inits sole business judgment and BKC may develop or franchise additional BurgerKing Restaurants anywhere, including sites in the immediate proximity of theFranchised Restaurant and/or in the same trading area of the FranchisedRestaurant, in its sole business judgment. The Franchisee hereby waives anyright it has, may have, or might in the future have, to oppose such developmentand location, and any claim for compensation from BKC in respect of any and alldetriment or los s suffered by it as a result of the development and location ofadditional Burger King Restaurants in the immediate proximity of the specifiedLocation and/or in the same trading area of the Franchised Restaurant. 2.4 CONTINUOUS OPERATION. Franchisee shall continuously operate theFranchised Restaurant at the Location throughout the full term of thisAgreement. Except as permitted under this Section 2.4, any failure to do soshall constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement and BKC shall be 3entitled to alI rights and remedies available under Section 17.2 of thisAgreement. Provided, however, that t he Franchisee may temporarily ceaseoperations for a period of time reasonably necessary to comply with therequirement of any competent governmental authority that it repair, cleanremodel, or refurbish the Location. The Franchisee may also temporarily ceaseoperations on national holidays and for a period of time reasonably necessary tocomplete repairs or deal with an act of God, a labor strike, civil unrest, orother emergency situation which would endanger the public or the Franchiseesemployees. However, in the event that any temporary closing or discontinuance ofoperation permitted under this Section 2.4 exceeds 180 days, BKC shall have theright to terminate this Agreement, whereupon all rights granted to Franchiseeunder this Agreement shall terminate, without liability to BKC. 2.5 BEST EFFORTS. Franchisee shall use its best efforts to diligentlymarket and promote the Franchised Restaurant.3. CONSIDERATION FOR FRANCHISE GRANT. At least seven (7) days before theCommencement Date, the Franchisee shall pay to BKC the initial franchise feedescribed in SCHEDULE 1, which sum shall be fully earned by BKC andnon-refundable upon execution of this Agreement.4. MANAGEMENT. CONTROL AND CORPORATE DOCUMENTS OF FRANCHISEE. 4.1 MANAGING DIRECTOR. The Franchisee shall, subject to BKCs approval,appoint an individual as the "Managing Director" who shall be responsible forthe overall management of the Franchisee. The Managing Director and Director ofOperations may be the same individual. 4.2 DIRECTOR OF OPERATIONS. Franchisee shall, subject to BKCs approval,appoint an individual as the "Director of Operations" who shall be trained inthe Burger King System. The Director of Operations shall be granted theauthority to direct any action necessary to ensure that the day-to-day operationof the Franchised: Restaurant is in compliance with all agreements with BKCrelating to the Franchised Restaurant. The Director of Operations shall devotefull time and best efforts to the overall supervision of the FranchisedRestaurant and any other Burger King Restaurants owned by the Franchisee as towhich he/she is designated as the "Director of Operations. " 4.3 SUBSTITUTE DIRECTOR OF OPERATIONS. If the position of Director ofOperations becomes vacant for any reason, the vacancy shall be filled withinninety (90) days by a new Director of Operations approved by BKC. 4.4 RESTAURANT MANAGER. At all times during the Term of this Agreement,Franchisee shall employ at least one (1) individual (the "Restaurant Manager")who is responsible for the direct, personal supervision of the Franchise dRestaurant . 4 4.5 CORPORATE DOCUMENTS. 4.5.1 SINGLE PURPOSE ENTITY. Franchisees sole business activityshall be the development and operation of Burger King restaurants. The articlesof incorporation, bylaws and other governing documents of Franchisee mustprovide that Franchisee is a single purpose entity formed solely for the purposeof developing and operating Burger King restaurants. 4.5.2 MANAGING DIRECTORS AUTHORITY. The articles of incorporation,bylaws and other governing documents of Franchisee must mandate the designationof a Managing Director and describe the Managing Directors authority to bindthe Franchisee and to direct any actions necessary to ensure compliance withthis Franchise Agreement and any ancillary agreements. 4.5.3 ISSUANCE AND TRANSFER OF SHARES. The articles ofincorporation, the bylaws and each stock certificate of Franchisee shallrestrict the issuance and the transfer of shares of Franchisee as provided inParagraph 15.8 below. 4.5.4 AMENDMENTS. BKC must be immediately provided with anyamendments, shareholder agreements, addenda, revisions or other alterations tothe articles of incorporation, bylaws or constitution of Franchisee. Noamendment to such governing documents may be made, nor may any resolution beadopted by the board of directors of Franchisee, without the written consent ofan authorized officer of BKC, if such amendment or resolution would (1) changethe description of the Franchisees purpose or authorized activities; (2) changethe designation of, or the procedures for designating, the Managing Director;(3) change the authority delegated to the Managing Director; or (4) materiallyalter promises or representations contained in the application approved by BKC.5. STANDARDS AND UNIFORMITY. 5.1 STRICT COMPLIANCE. The Franchisee agrees to comply strictly at alltimes with the Burger King System, which Franchisee acknowledges is afundamental term of this Agreement and a necessary and reasonable requirement inthe interests of the Franchisee and others operating under the Burger KingSystem. In particular, the Franchisee shall at all times comply with thefollowing provisions of this Section 5. 5.2 THE MOD MANUAL. The MOD Manual shall be kept at the FranchisedRestaurant and all changes or additions shall be inserted upon receipt. TheFranchisee agrees that changes in standards, specifications and procedures maybecome necessary and desirable from time to time and shall comply with suchmodifications, revisions and additions to the MOD Manual as BKC in the goodfaith exercise of its judgment believes to be desirable. The information 5contained in the MOD Manual is confidential and the Franchisee shall use the MODManual only in connection with the operation of the Franchised Restaur ant andother licensed Burger King Restaurants 5.3 BUILDING AND PREMISES. 5.3.1 INITIAL CONSTRUCTION. The Franchised Restaurant shall beconstructed and the premises initially improved in the manner approved by BKC,and shall be decorated, furnished, and equipped with equipment, furnishings, andfixtures which meet BKCs specifications and Current Image. The appearance ofthe Franchised Restaurant shall not thereafter be altered except as approved byBKC in writing. 5.3.2 REPAIR AND MAINTENANCE. The Franchisee shall, at its ownexpense, continuously throughout the Term of this Agreement, maintain theFranchised Restaurant in good condition and repair in accordance with BKCs thencurrent repair and maintenance standards. 5.3.3 CURRENT IMAGE. During the year immediately following theexpiration of one half of the Term of this Agreement (e.g., in the 11th year ofa 20 year term), the Franchisee shall remodel, improve and alter the exterior ofthe Franchised Restaurant to conform with the Current Image in effect during theprior year . 5.4 SIGNS. The Burger King Marks will be displayed only in the mannerand at such locations as are authorized by BKC. The Franchisee agrees tomaintain and display signs conforming to the Current Image. The Franchisee shalldiscontinue the use of and destroy such signs as are declared obsolete by BKC. 5.5 EQUIPMENT. Only equipment and equipment layouts approved by BKCshall be used at the Location. All equipment shall be maintained in a conditionthat meets operational standards specified in the MOD Manual, and as equipmentbecomes obsolete or inoperable, the Franchisee will replace such items with thetypes and kinds of equipment as are then approved for use in new Burger KingRestaurants at the time of replacement. If BKC determines that additional orsubstitute equipment is needed in any part of the Location due to a change inmenu items or method of preparation and service, or because of health or safetyconsiderations, the Franchisee will install the new equipment within such timeas BKC may reasonably specify. 5.6 VENDING MACHINES, ETC. No telephone booths, newspaper racks, jukeboxes, vending machines, games, rides or any other type of machines shall beinstalled without the prior written approval of BKC. 5.7 MENU, SERVICE AND HYGIENE. The Franchised Restaurant shall serve allmenu items and brands specified by BKC, and shall not serve any items that arenot set forth in the MOD Manual or otherwise authorized and approved by BKC inwriting. The Franchisee shall adhere to all specifications contained in the MOD 6Manual or as otherwise prescribed by BKC as to ingredients, storage, handling,method of preparation and service, weight and dimensions of products served, andstandards of cleanliness, health, and sanitation. All food, drinks, and otheritems will be served and sold in packaging that meets BKCs specifications. Onlyfood, paper products, packaging and supplies from sources approved by BKC (whichexpression includes sources of both product and distribution) shall be used inthe Franchised Restaurant. 5.8 HOURS OF OPERATION. Subject to the provisions of Paragraph 2.4above, or unless otherwise authorized or directed by BKC the entire FranchisedRestaurant shall be open for business a minimum of the hours indicated onSCHEDULE 1 daily, seven (7) days a week, except where prohibited by law orgovernment regulation. BKC recognizes that considerations peculiar to thelocation of the Franchised Restaurant may make it necessary to alter theaforesaid hours of operation, and BKC will not unreasonably withhold its consentto do so. 5.9 UNIFORMS. All employees at the Location shall wear uniformspreviously approved by BKC as meeting the design, color and specification as arefrom time to time prescribed by BKC. 5.10 ADVERTISING AND PROMOTION MATERIALS. Only such advertising orpromotional materials, slogans or other items as are authorized by BKC inwriting prior to use shall be used, sold, or distributed, and no display or useof the Burger King Marks shall be made without the prior written permission ofBKC. All materials on which Burger King Marks are used shall bear such notice ofregistration or license legend as BKC may specify. The Franchisee agrees tocomply with the advertising and promotional standards established from time totime by BKC. 5.11 INTERFERENCE WITH EMPLOYMENT RELATIONS OF OTHERS. The Franchiseewill not attempt, directly or indirectly, to entice or induce any employee ofBKC or of an Affiliate of BKC or of another franchisee of BKC to leave suchemployment, nor to employ such employee within six (6) months after his or hertermination of employment with such employer, except with the prior writtenconsent of such employer. 5.12 IMPROVEMENTS. The Franchisee shall notify BKC of any potentialimprovements or new features which it identifies as capable of benefitting theBurger King System. The Franchisee shall not use potential improvements or newfeatures at the Franchised Restaurant unless authorized by BKC in writing and atits sole discretion, but BKC is under no obligation to authorize such use. TheFranchisee acknowledges and agrees that all such potential improvements and newfeatures shall become the exclusive property of BKC without payment of anyconsideration to the Franchisee, and BKC is free to evaluate such potentialimprovements or new features in its own restaurants and introduce any suchimprovements or new features into the Burger King System for the benefit of BKC 7and other franchisees. The Franchisee agrees to execute any additional documentswhich BKC may deem necessary to effect or perfect the provisions of thisParagraph 5.12. 5.13 SELF-AUDIt. The Franchisee shall participate in any self-auditscheme which may from time to time form part of the Burger King System. 5.14 HEALTH PROBLEMS. The Franchisee shall immediately notify BKC of anyactual or suspected occurrence of any serious communicable disease or infectionat or among staff or customers at the Franchised Restaurant. 5.15 RIGHT OF ENTRY, INSPECTION AND CLOSURE. BKC shall have theunrestricted right to enter the Franchised Restaurant to conduct such reasonableactivities as it deems necessary to ascertain compliance with this Agreement.The inspections may be conducted without prior notice at any time when theFranchisee or any one of its responsible employees or representatives is at theFranchised Restaurant. The inspections shall be performed in a manner whichminimizes interference with the operation of the Franchised Restaurant. BKC mayrequire the removal of any items which do not comply with this Agreement at theFranchisees cost. In the event that BKC identifies, or reasonably suspects theexistence of, any significant risk to health or safety in any aspect of theoperation at the Location, BKC may require the Franchisee immediately to closethe Franchised Restaurant until the hazard as been eliminated. BKC shall specifythe grounds for taking such action and such steps if any a it believes arenecessary to eliminate the hazard and shall cooperate with the Franchisee toenable the Franchisee to re-open the Franchised Restaurant as soon as possible. 5.16 SOURCES OF SUPPLY. 5.16.1 AUTHORIZED SUPPLIERS. BKC may require that any item requiredfor or used in the operation of the Franchised Restaurant shall be previouslyapproved by BKC in its sole and absolute discretion and that the supplier anddistributor of such items also be previously approved by BKC in its sole andabsolute discretion. The Franchisee shall in such case purchase only from BKCauthorized suppliers and distributors. Should the Franchisee propose analternative supplier and distributor, BKC shall evaluate such supplier anddistributor against its then-current criteria, as established by BKC in its solediscretion, and either approve or disapprove such supplier and distributor. Anysupplier and distributor proposed by the Franchisee may be required to sign asuitable confidentiality undertaking before BKCs confidential specificationsare disclosed. In approving or disapproving suppliers and distributors, theFranchisee acknowledges and agrees that BKC may devote such resources and timeas BKC may reasonably determine is necessary to evaluate any such supplier ordistributor in its sole discretion. BKC agrees that it will apply those criteriain good faith toward the Franchisee. If BKC denies the Franchisees request forapproval of a supplier or distributor BKC shall advise the Franchisee of thereasons for its decision. If BKC fails to approve or deny the Franchisees 8request for approval of a supplier or distributor within thirty (30) businessdays then approval shall be deemed to have been given. Approval of any suppleror distributor by BKC is subject to revocation in its sole discretion. 5.16.2 SELF-SUPPLY. Franchisee may, upon prior written notice toBKC, invest in BKC approved suppliers and/or distributors to the FranchisedRestaurant or request approval from BKC to become an approved supplier and/ordistributor to the Franchised Restaurant. BKC shall not unreasonably withholdits approval of the Franchisee as a supplier and/or distributor to theFranchised Restaurant and/or other Burger King Restaurants. Franchisee expresslyacknowledges and agrees, however, that the Franchisee must meet all of BKCsthen current conditions for supplier and/or distribution agreements. 5.16.3 LIMITS ON BKC RESPONSIBILITY. BKC shall NOT be responsiblefor the following: (a) Arranging, assuring, or facilitating the delivery or availability o labor, food, paper, equipment, furniture, fixtures, or any other goods or services in connection with the operation of the Franchised Restaurant. (b) Arranging, assuring, or facilitating the delivery or availability of labor, food, paper, equipment, furniture, fixtures or any other goods or services in connection with the operation of the Franchised Restaurant at a reasonable or at any other particular cost (whether stated as a percentage of sales or otherwise to the Franchised Restaurant or to the Franchisee). 5.16.4 FRANCHISEES RESPONSIBILITIES. Franchisee shall beresponsible for locating and submitting to BKC for approval, pursuant to Section5.16.1 above, suppliers and distributors capable of manufacturing and/ordelivering all BKC required goods and services to the Franchised Restaurant on aconsistent and reliable basis.6. SERVICES TO FRANCHISEE. 6.1 SERVICES PROVIDED BY BKC. BKC, its designee or an Affiliate of BKCshall periodically advise and consult with the Franchisee in connection with theoperation of the Franchised Restaurant and shall provide to he Franchisee: (a) The MOD Manual, including all revisions and updates thereto,which will be loaned to the Franchisee for the term of this Agreement. Theloaned copy of the MOD Manual and other specifications, standard and operatingprocedures furnished by BKC shall be written in English, and any translation toanother language shall be at the Franchisees responsibility and cost. 9Franchisee shall translate the MOD Manual into the native language of theemployees at the Franchised Restaurant upon request by BKC. The delivery of acopy of the MOD Manual, including all revisions and updates thereto, by BKC tothe Franchisee satisfies and fulfills any obligation BKC may be deemed to haveto provide the Franchisee with use of the Burger King System or expertiseregarding he Burger King System. (b) A representative of BKC who shall make not less than two (2) oneday visits to Poland per annum to provide the Franchisee with any requestedreasonable operations or marketing guidance and advice. Franchisee shall havethe option to participate, at its sole cost and expense, in any additionaltraining pro grams offered by BKC to other franchisees generally. Such trainingprograms shall be at locations designated by BKC. (c) Communication of new developments, techniques and improvementsof BKC which BKC deems in its sole discretion to be relevant to the operation ofthe Franchised Restaurant and which BKC may otherwise make available to allother franchisees in Europe. 6.2 SERVICES NOT PROVIDED BY BKC. The Franchisee acknowledges and agreesthat compliance by BKC with its obligations under Section 6.1 above shallsatisfy all obligations of BKC to provide operational, marketing, and othersupport to the Franchisee, and that any other support provided by BKC shall beat BKCs sole discretion. The Franchisee further acknowledges and agrees thatBKC shall have no obligation with regard to the establishment, development andfor maintenance of consumer awareness or recognition of the Burger King Marks,Restaurants or System. 6.3 OPTIONAL SERVICES. BKC may, but shall under no circumstances berequired to, offer the following services and/or assistance to Franchisee, inBKCs sole discretion: (a) If requested by Franchisee, BKC may, at its sole and absolutediscretion, provide Franchisee with a pre-opening training program atFranchisees sole cost and expense at whatever location BKC may designate in itssole discretion. (b) If requested by Franchisee, BKC may, in its sole and absolutediscretion, provide Franchisee with pre-opening and opening supervision andassistance by personnel of BKC, its designee or an Affiliate of BKC atFranchisees sole cost and expense at whatever location BKC may designate in itssole discretion.7. LOCATION. 7.1 EXCLUSIVE PURPOSE. During the term of this Agreement the Locationshall be used exclusively for the purpose of operating a Burger King Restaurant. 10 7.2 DAMAGE TO FRANCHISED RESTAURANT. In the event of the building beingdamaged or destroyed by fire or any other peril, or required to be repaired oraltered by any competent authority, the Franchisee shall at its own expenserepair or reconstruct the building within a reasonable time to reflect the thenCurrent Image of Burger King Restaurants, having first submitted to BKC allplans and specifications related thereto for prior approval. Where theFranchised Restaurant is insured by a person other than the Franchisee, theFranchisees obligations shall be limited to taking such steps as are reasonablyavailable to the Franchisee to assure that any insurance moneys ar paid out inaccordance with this subparagraph. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (a) thebuilding is leased, (b) the Franchisee is prohibited under the terms of theapplicable lease from repairing or reconstructing the building as providedabove, and (c) the Franchisee has exhausted its best efforts to convince thelandlord to consent to such repair or reconstruction, then the Franchisee shallbe released from its obligations under this Paragraph 7.2 and this Agreementshall terminate.8. TRAINING AND STAFFING. 8.1 PRE-OPENING TRAINING. Before the Franchised Restaurant opens, theDirector of Operations and such members of the Franchisees staff charged withthe responsibility for the day to day operation of the Franchised Restaurant asBKC may determine must have successfully completed BKCs training program atsuch location in the U.S. or elsewhere as may be designated by BKC. Such membersof t e Franchisees restaurant staff as BKC may determine shall undertake andcomplete continuing raining programs from time to time as may be directed by BKCin order to implement current operational standards. There shall be no chargefor participation in the training programs, but the Franchisee shall beresponsible for all travel and living expenses, all compensation of theFranchisees employee while enrolled in the training program, and any otherpersonal expenses incurred. 8.2 NEW DIRECTOR OF OPERATIONS. Any new Director of Operations as BKCmay approve shall successfully complete the above program before taking up suchposition. 8.3 TRAINING PROGRAM. The Franchisee shall implement a training programfor Franchised Restaurant employees in accordance with training standards andprocedures prescribed by BKC and shall staff the Franchised Restaurant at alltimes with a sufficient number of trained employees including the minimum numberof managers required by BKC who have completed BKCs training program at anaccredited location.9. ROYALTY AND ADVERTISING CONTRIBUTION. 9.1 ROYALTY. 9.1.1 PAYMENT OF ROYALTY. Except as otherwise provided in Section 53 of the Development Agreement, by the fifteenth (15th) day of each month, the 11Franchisee shall deliver to BKC a return of Gross Sales for the preceding monthand pay to BKC or its designee a royalty for the use of the Burger King Marks anthe Burger King System calculated by applying the percentage set forth inSCHEDULE 1 against the Gross Sales for the preceding calendar month. Allroyalties shall be paid by the Franchisee to BKC or its designee in UnitedStates currency into such bank account in the United States of America orelsewhere as BKC shall designate by prior written notice to the Franchisee. Suchpayments shall be made by such method as BKC may from time to time stipulateincluding direct debit, in accordance with applicable law. Each conversion fromlocal currency to United States currency shall be at the maximum selling rate ofexchange quoted by Citibank, N.A. in New York, New York, U.S.A., or at themaximum selling rate of a nationally recognized bank in the country where theFranchised Restaurant is located, at the sole discretion of BKC, as of the lastbank trading day of the month on which the royalty payment is based. TheFranchisee will, at its expense, make all necessary and appropriate applicationsto such governmental authorities as may be requested by BKC or as may berequired for transmittal and payment of United States currency to BKC. 9.1.2 INABILITY TO REMIT ROYALTY. In the event that the Franchiseeshall at any time be prohibited from making any payment in the United States andin United States currency, the Franchisee shall immediately notify BKC of thisfact and such payment shall thereupon be made at such place and in such currencyas may be selected by BKC and acceptable to the appropriate governmentalauthorities of the country in which the Franchised Restaurant is located, all inaccordance with remittance instructions furnished by BKC. If, having pursuedevery reasonable endeavor, the parties are thereafter unable to secure anymethod of payment to BKC as required in Subparagraph 9.1.1 above, then BKC may,in its sole discretion, either (a) accept subsequent payments in a manner andcurrency acceptable to BKC in its sole discretion, or (b) by one-hundred eighty(180) days prior written notice to the Franchisee, immediately terminate thisAgreement without any claim being mad by either party against the other inrespect to such termination. The acceptance by BKC of; ny payment pursuant toSubparagraph 9.1.2(a) above shall not excuse the Franchisee from its obligationto pay all subsequent payments as required under Subparagraph 9.1.1 and BKCremain free to exercise its right under Subparagraph 9.1.2(b) as each monthlyroyalty payment comes due. 9.2 ADVERTISING AND SALES PROMOTION. 9.2.1 FRANCHISEES ADMINISTRATION OF AD FUND. Pursuant to the termsof the Ad Fund Agreement dated March 14, 1997 between the Franchisee and BKC,the Franchisee shall expend monthly, in the country where the FranchisedRestaurant is located, monies for advertising, sales promotion and publicrelation services for he benefit of Burger King Restaurants in the country wherethe Franchised Restaurant is locate, including creative, production, media andclearance costs of advertising and sales promotion materials, and marketing 12research expenses directly related to the development and evaluation of theeffectiveness of advertising and sales promotion. (SUBJECT TO A PENDING REQUESTFOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT) 9.2.2 BKCS RIGHT TO ADMINISTER FUNDS. Notwithstanding the languagein Subparagraph 9.2.1 above, BKC and the Franchisee agrees that, in the eventBKC develops company-owned Burger King Restaurants directly or through asubsidiary or joint venture in the country where the Franchised Restaurant islocated or franchises Burger King Restaurants in the country where theFranchised Restaurant is located to someone other than the Franchisee, BKC shallhave the right to terminate the Ad Fund Agreement pursuant to its terms andrequire that the Franchisee pay to BKC or its designee by the fifteenth (15th)day of each month, in the currency of the country where the FranchisedRestaurant is located an amount equal to the amount calculated by applying theadvertising percentage stated in SCHEDULE 1 to the Gross Sales for the precedingcalendar month. Any monies received by BKC under this Subparagraph shall beadministered by BKC as provided in Subparagraph 9.2.3 below. In the event BKCrequires and the Franchisee makes these payments, the direct expenditureobligation of Subparagraph 9.2.1 above will be deemed fully satisfied. 9.2.3 ADMINISTRATION. Any amounts received by BKC pursuant toSubparagraph 9.2.2 above, less administrative expenses and any applicable taxes,will be combined with payments from other Burger King Restaurants to form an adfund which will be used for (a) market research expenditures directly related tothe development and evaluation of the effectiveness of advertising and salespromotions, (b) creative, production and other costs incurred in connection withthe development of advertising sales promotions and public relations, both inthe market area of the Franchised Restaurant as reasonably defined from time totime by BKC, and on a national basis and (c) various methods of delivering theadvertising or promotional message, including without limitation, television,radio, outdoor and print. The allocation of the Advertising Contribution betweeninternational, national, regional, and local expenditures shall be made by BKCin its sole business judgment. All general and administrative expenses andoverhead associated with the ad fund, including salaries of relevant BKCemployees, shall be paid out of the assets of the ad fund. The Franchisee isencouraged to participate in the planning of advertising, sales promotions andpublic relations for the Franchised Restaurant, but all expenditures for suchmatters shall be the sole discretion of BKC. In addition to the percentage ofGross Sales, the Franchisee agrees to transfer to BKC or its designee forinclusion in the market fund all advertising or promotional allowances given bysuppliers of products which are sold in the Franchised Restaurant uncle a brandname. Such payment to be made to BKC or its designee by the fifteenth (15th) dayof the month following receipt of the said allowance. The market fund will berun by BKC directly or by delegation to its designee. 13 9.2.4 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND POLICIES. The Franchisee agrees toadhere to all applicable statutory regulations and to KCs advertising, salespromotion and public relations standards and all advertisements and othermaterial published, circulated or exhibited shall first be approved by BKC. TheFranchisee agree immediately to remove or discontinue the use of anyobjectionable advertising material upon receiving notice from BKC. 9.3 GROSS SALES. The term "Gross Sales" as used in this Agreementincludes all sums charged for goods, merchandise, or services sold at or fromthe Location. The sale of Burger King products away from the Location is notauthorized; however, should any such sales be approved in the future, they willbe included within the definition of Gross Sales. Gross Sales shall not includeany value added tax, turnover tax, or any similar tax collected by theFranchisee from customers based upon sales. 9.4 INTEREST AND ATTORNEYS FEES. The Franchisee shall pay to BKCinterest (in U.S. dollars in the United States) upon any sum overdue under thisAgreement, calculated at three (3) percent per annum above the prime rate ofmerest charged by Citibank, N.A., against the overdue sum expressed in U.S.dollars. By way of exception, any overdue sum required to be paid in a currencyother than U.S. dollars shall bear merest at three (3) percent per annum abovethe base lending rate of any nationally recognized bank within the relevantcountry designated by BKC. Nothing in this paragraph is meant to require theFranchisee to pay interest at a rate greater than that allowed by applicable lawand, in the event that this paragraph would have such an effect, the Franchiseeshall only be required to pay interest at the maximum rate allowable by law. Ifan excess amount is inadvertently collected, it shall be applied to reduce theamounts due under Subparagraph 9.1.1 above. The Franchisee shall pay all costs,including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred by BKC in enforcing the tern s ofthis Agreement.10. ACCOUNTING PROCEDURES; RIGHT OF AUDIT. 10.1 ACCOUNTING. The Franchisee agrees to keep complete records of thebusiness and shall furnish BKC with monthly and fiscal year-to-date profit andloss statements for the Franchised Restaurant in the format prescribed by BKC.The Franchisee shall also submit to BKC quarterly balance sheets for theFranchisee itself and not merely of the Franchised Restaurant, the first ofwhich shall be for the period ending forty-five (45) days after the expirationof the first calendar quarter after the Franchised Restaurant opens. All profitand loss statements and balance sheets shall be submitted to BKC withinfifty-five (45) days after the end of the period covered by the report in a formacceptable to BKC. In addition, the Franchisee shall submit to BKC copies of taxreturns relating to the Franchisees sales at the Franchised Restaurant at thesame time the returns are filed, and such other records as BKC may reasonablyrequest from time to time. 14 10.2 ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENT. Within ninety (90) days after the closeof each fiscal year and at any time on request, the Franchisee shall submit afull disclosure of all shareholders in the Franchisee, and of all persons withan interest in the Franchised Restaurant. ln addition, the Franchisee shallfurnish an annual financial statement for the Franchisee and not merely theFranchised Restaurant, which statement shall be certified by a Certified PublicAccountant or equivalent. 10.3 AUDITS. The Franchisee agrees that BKC or its representatives, atBKCs expense shall, at all reasonable times, have the right to examine or auditthe books and accounts of the Franchisee. The Franchisee shall retain salesrecords for a period of at least twenty-four (24) months. In the event thereported Gross Sales are less than the actual Gross Sales, the Franchisee shallmake an additional payment to BKC in the amount of the discrepancy. In the eventthat the discrepancy exceeds two percent (2%), th Franchisee shall alsoreimburse BKC for all costs of the audit including travel, lodging and wages. 10.4 RELEASE OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION. BKC is authorized to releasefinancial and operational information on the Franchised Restaurant as part ofany disclosure of information on the Burger King System in the country where theFranchised Restaurant is located or on the Burger King System as a whole. Exceptas required by law or regulation, BKC shall not specifically identify theFranchised Restaurant to which this information relates. 10.5 POLLING. 10.5.1 POS SYSTEMS. The Franchisee shall at all times operate at theFranchised Restaurant POS systems previously approved by BKC as meeting itsperformance standards and other criteria including compatibility with BKCspolling standards, provided that such POS system operates in accordance withapplicable law. BKC shall have the right to call upon the Franchisee to upgradethe POS systems as BKC may deem necessary or desirable in the interest of properadministration of restaurants operating under the Burger King System, and theFranchisee shall comply with such requirement within such reasonable time as maybe specified by BKC. Such authorized POS systems shall at all times be used torecord and process such information as BKC may from time to time require, andsuch information shall be maintained in such format and kept available foraccess by BKC on such POS system for such minimum period as BKC may require. TheFranchisee she effect the polling operation at such time or times as may berequired by BKC, but BKC may itself initiate polling whenever it deemsappropriate. BKC shall have no obligation to provide Franchisee withinformation, consultation or advice concerning POS systems or accounting orother financial systems for the operation of Franchisees business. 10.5.2 AUTHORIZED POLLING. The Franchisee shall permit BKC or itsduly authorized agents at all times and from time to time to poll any 15information contained in such POS system. For the purposes of this Agreement theterm "poll" or "polling" means any process acceptable to BKC by whichinformation o data may be transmitted from a POS system operated by theFranchisee or its agents into a computer or system operated by BKC, it agents orAffiliates. If for any reason polling is not practicable, BKC may require theFranchisee to download such information into machine readable form compatiblewith the system operated by BKC, its agents or Affiliates and to derive suchinformation to BKC by such method and within such timescale as BKC mayreasonably determine. 10.5.3 OTHER INFORMATION. The Franchisee shall if requested and aslong as polling is not possible provide to BKC such information as BKC may fromtime to time require regarding product volumes and production.11. LIMITATIONS OF FRANCHISE. 11.1 TRADEMARKS, TRADE NAMES, SERVICE MARKS AND TRADE SECRETS. 11.1.1 REGISTRATION ASSISTANCE BY FRANCHISEE. The Franchisee shall,upon request and at no expense to the Franchisee assist BKC in perfecting andobtaining registration of unregistered Burger King Marks. 11.1.2 OWNERSHIP. The Franchisee acknowledges that ownership of allright, title and interest to the Burger King System and the Burger King Marks(registered and unregistered) is and shall remain vested solely in BKC. TheFranchisee acknowledges the uniqueness of the Burger King System an that theFranchisee has had no part in its creation or development, no prior knowledgeof, and no proprietary or other rights or claims in or to any element of theBurger King System or the Burger King Marks. 11.1.3 CONFIDENTIALITY OF TRADE SECRETS. The Franchisee agrees thatall materials made available to the Franchise and all disclosures made to theFranchisee, and not to the general public, by or at the direction of BKC at anytime before or during the term of this Agreement, including the MOD Manual inits entirety and any translations thereof, are to be considered trade secrets ofBKC for purpose of this Agreement and shall be kept confidential and used by theFranchisee only in the operation of the Franchised Restaurant and other licensedBurger King Restaurants. The Franchise agrees not to divulge any of the tradesecrets to any person other than the Franchisees employees and then only to theextent necessary for the operation of the Franchised Restaurant, an d not topermit anyone to reproduce, copy or exhibit any portion of the MOD Manual or anyother confidential or proprietary information received from BKC, except fortranslating from English to the language of the country in which the FranchisedRestaurant is located, if the Franchisees employees cannot read and understandEnglish. 16 11.1.4 REGISTERED USER AGREEMENTS. The Franchisee shall, wheneverrequested by BKC, enter into one or more Registered User Agreements authorizingand permitting the use of the Burger King Marks as provided in this Agreementand to execute any documents and/or do such things as are requested to assistBKC in connection with registration of any Registered User Agreement. Nothing inany Registered User Agreement shall be construed as giving the Franchisee theright to transfer or sublicense the Franchisees right to use the Burger KingMarks. 11.1.5 NO IMPAIRMENT OF MARKS. The Franchisee will not directly orindirectly, at any time during the term of this Agreement or thereafter, do orcause to be done any act or thing disputing, attacking or in any way impairingthe validity of and BKCs right, title or interest in the Burger King Marks andthe Burger King System. 11.1.6 ASSIGNMENT OF RIGHTS IN MARKS. The Franchisee hereby assignsto BKC such rights (if any) as the Franchisee may hereafter acquire in any ofthe Burger King Marks or the Burger King System and shall execute such documentsand do such acts at the cost of BKC as may be necessary to perfect suchassignment. 11.1.7 INFRINGEMENT, ETC. The Franchisee shall immediately notifyBKC of all infringements or imitations of the Burger King Marks which come tothe Franchisees attention, and all challenges to the Franchisees use c f anyof the Burger King Marks. BKC will take such action as it in its sole discretiondeems appropriate to prevent unauthorized persons from using the Burger KingMarks. The Franchisee agrees to cooperate in the prosecution of any action toprevent the infringement, imitation, illegal se or misuse of the Burger KingMarks or the Burger King System and agrees to be named as a party in any suchaction if so requested by BKC. BKC agrees to bear the legal expenses and costsincidental to the Franchisees participation in such action except for the costand expenses of the Franchisees personal legal counsel if the Franchisee electsto be represented by counsel of the Franchisees own choosing. The Franchiseeshall not institute any legal action or other kind of proceeding based uponBurger King Marks or the Burger King System without the prior written approvalof BKC. 11.1.8 REGISTERED MARKS. BKC represents that the marks listed onExhibit A are registered or applied for, but makes no expressed or impliedwarranty with respect to the validity of any of the Burger King Marks. TheFranchisee accepts that the Franchisee may conduct business utilizing someBurger King Marks which have not been registered and that registration may notbe granted for the unregistered marks and that some of the Burger King Marks maybe subject to use by third parties unauthorized by BKC. 11.1.9 FRANCHISEE NAME. In the adoption of a trade, corporate orpartnership name, the Franchisee shall not use any of the Burger King Marks, anyvariations or abbreviations or any words confusingly similar to any of theBurger King Marks. 17 11.1.10 REGISTRATION OF AGREEMENT. If local law requires theregistration or recordation of this Agreement with any local governmentalagency, administrative board or banking agency, Franchisee shall request BKCsconsent to do so. If BKC grants its consent, Franchise shall effectuate suchregistration(s) or recordation(s) at its sole cost and expense in strictcompliance with local laws as soon as possible. 11.2 INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR. 11.2.1 NO AGENCY. The franchisee is an independent business entityand is not an agent, partner, joint venture, representative, or employee of BKC,and no express or implied fiduciary relationship exists between the parties. TheFranchisee shall not attempt to bind or obligate BKC in any way nor shall theFranchisee represent that the Franchisee has any right to do so. BKC shall haveno control over the terms and conditions of employment of the Franchiseesemployees. 11.2.2 PUBLIC NOTICE OF INDEPENDENCE. In all public records and inthe Franchisees relationship with other persons, on stationery, business formsand cheques, the Franchisee shall indicate the independent ownership of theFranchised Restaurant and that the Franchisee is a licensee of BKC. TheFranchisee shall exhibit on the Location in such places as may be designated byBKC, a notification that the Franchised Restaurant is operated by an independentoperator under license from BKC.12. UNFAIR COMPETITION. The Franchisee agrees, during the term of thisAgreement and thereafter, not to directly or indirectly engage in the operationof any restaurant, except as licensed by BKC, which utilizes or duplicates theBurger King System or any part thereof.13. INSURANCE, INDEMNIFICATION. 13.1 GENERAL LIABILITY INSURANCE. Franchisee agrees to carry at itsexpense during the Term of this Agreement Comprehensive General Liabilityinsurance, including Products Liability and Broad Form Contractual Liability, inan amount which is at all times the local equivalent of not less than OneMillion U.S. Dollars (U.S. 1,000,000.00) per occurrence for bodily injury andFive Hundred Thousand U.S. Dollars (U.S. 500,000.00) per occurrence forproperty damage, or in such increased amounts as BKC may reasonably request fromtime to time during the Term of this Agreement. Each policy will name BKC, andits subsidiaries, affiliated and parent companies as an additional insured, andwill provide hat the policy cannot be canceled without thirty (30) days priorwritten notice to BKC, will insure against the liability of BKC for both its andFranchisees acts or omissions, and will insure the contractual liability ofFranchisee under paragraph 13.3 Additionally, Franchisee agrees to carry, atFranchisees expense, umbrella coverage in an amount which is at all times theequivalent of One Million U.S. Dollars (U.S. 1,000,000) over the basic 18Comprehensive General Liability insurance per restaurant; except that ifFranchisee owns more than ten (10) Burger King Restaurants, the umbrellacoverage applicable to all such restaurants need not exceed an mount which is atany time in excess of the equivalent of Ten Million U.S. Dollars (U.S.10,000,000). The insurance afforded by the policy or policies respectingliability shall not exclude claims, actions or demands brought in the UnitedStates or anywhere else outside the country in which the Franchised Restaurantis located and shall not be limited in any way by reason of any insurance whichmay be maintained by BKC prior to the Commencement Date, Franchisee shallfurnish to BKC Certificates of Insurance reflecting that the insurance coverageis in effect pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. All policies shall berenewed, and a renewal Certificate of Insurance mailed to BKC at its mainoffice, or at such other location as may be specified by BKC prior to theexpiration date of the policies. This obligation of Franchisee to maintaininsurance is separate and distinct from its obligation to indemnify BKC underthe provisions of Paragraph 13.3 and shall not be affected by reason of thenegligence of or a claim of negligence against BKC. 13.2 WORKERS COMPENSATION, ETC. Franchisee agrees to participate in anygovernmental Workers Compensation Program, unemployment insurance program,hospitalization program and any other similar program which may be required bythe laws of the country where the Franchised Restaurant is located. 13.3 INDEMNITY. Franchisee is responsible for all losses or damages andcontractual liabilities to third persons arising out of or in connection withpossession, ownership or operation of the Franchised Restaurant, and for allclaims or demands for damages to property or for injury, illness or death ofpersons directly or indirectly resulting therefrom. Franchisee agrees to defend,indemnify and save BKC, and its subsidiaries, affiliated and parent companiesharmless of, from and with respect to any such claims, demands, losses,obligations, costs, expenses, liabilities, debts or damages, unless they arecaused by the gross negligence of BKC itself BKCs right to indemnity under thisAgreement shall arise and be valid notwithstanding that joint or concurrentliability may be imposed on BKC by statute, ordinance, regulation or other law.The indemnification of BKC by Franchisee for Franchisees own negligence, actsor omissions, shall not be limited by the amount of insurance required underParagraph 13.1, nor upon a claim that BKC is responsible for Franchisees act oromissions or that Franchisee was acting in the capacity of an agent of BKC. Thisindemnity obligation shall include, but not be limited to, claims related to theemployment of Franchisees employees. This obligation of Franchisee to indemnifyand defend BKC is separate and distinct from its obligation to maintaininsurance under the provisions of Paragraph 13.1. BKC shall notify Franchisee of any claims, and Franchisee shall begiven the opportunity to assume the defense of the matter, however, BKC shallhave the right to participate in the defense of any claim or action against itwhich is assumed by Franchisee, at BKCs own cost and expense. If Franchiseefails to assume the defense, BKC may defend the action in the manner it deems 19appropriate, and Franchisee shall pay to BKC all costs, including attorneysfees, incurred by BKC in effecting such defense, in addition to any sum whichBKC may pay by reason of any settlement or judgment against BKC. No settlementof any claim against BKC shall be made by Franchisee which is in excess of theamount of insurance referred to in Paragraph 13.1 or which would subject BKC toliability in any amount not covered by such insurance without the prior writtenconsent of BKC. Any final judicial determination of the negligence of BKC in anamount in excess of the policy limits of insurance required under Paragraph 13.1shall be the responsibility of BKC.14. TAXES. 14.1 PAYMENT WHEN DUE. The Franchisee shall pay when due all taxes leviedor assessed by reason of the Franchisees possession, ownership or operation ofthe Franchised Restaurant or items loaned to the Franchisee by BKC including anyvalue added tax. In the event of any bona fide dispute as to the liability for atax assessed against it, the Franchisee may contest the validity or the amountof the tax in accordance with the procedures of the taxing authority, however,the Franchisee shall not permit a tax sale or seizure against the premises orequipment. 14.2 WITHHOLDING TAXES. lt is understood and agreed by the parties thatany and all tax liabilities arising out of this Agreement will be paid by theparty owing such taxes. ln the event that BKC incurs withholding tax liabilityin the country in which the Franchised Restaurant is located as a result of thefranchise fee or the royalty payments set forth above, it shall be theresponsibility and obligation of the Franchisee to withhold from such franchisefee or royalty payments such withholding taxes as are required by law. TheFranchisee shall provide BKC with corresponding receipts from the relevanttaxing authorities to evidence such payments or amounts withheld. Taxes, such asincome taxes of the Franchisee, which are based on profits from operation of theFranchised Restaurant are the sole responsibility of the Franchisee. 14.3 ELECTION. Where the law permits an election regarding the treatmentof any supply or deemed supply under this Agreement for the purposes of anyvalue added or other tax chargeable thereon, the Franchisee shall make or joinin any such election as BKC may from time to time require.15. DISPOSAL. 15.1 TRANSFER OF LNTEREST BY FRANCHISEE. Except with the prior writtenconsent of an authorized officer of BKC, Franchisee shall not (a) directly orindirectly sell, assign, convey, give away, mortgage, pledge, hypothecate,charge, or otherwise transfer or encumber its rights or obligations under thisAgreement, or assign any of Franchisees rights or delegate any of its dutieshereunder; (b) sell, issue, offer, transfer, convey, give away, or otherwise 20grant or deliver any additional equity interests in the Franchisee, or (c) sell,assign, transfer, convey, or give away substantially all of the assets of theFranchised Restaurant. 15.2 TRANSFER OF INTEREST BY PRINCIPALS. Except with the prior writtenconsent of an authorized officer of BKC, no Principal shall directly orindirectly sell, assign, convey, give away, mortgage, pledge, hypothecate,charge, or otherwise transfer or encumber any legal or beneficial equityinterest in Franchisee. 15.3 NOTICE OF PROPOSED TRANSFER. Any proposed transferor shall notifyBKC in writing of any proposed transfer of an interest referred to in Paragraph15.1 or 15.2, as applicable, before the proposed transfer is to take place, andshall provide such information and documentation relating to the proposedtransfer as BKC may reasonably require. 15.4 RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL. 15.4.1 NOTICE; EXERCISE OF OPTION. In the event Franchisee or thePrincipals wish to accept a bona fide offer from a third party to purchase allor substantially all of the assets constituting the Franchised Restaurant or ofthe majority of the voting stock of the Franchisee, the proposed transferor(s)shall give BKC written notice setting forth the name and address of theprospective purchaser, the price and terms of the offer together with afranchisee application completed by the prospective purchaser, a copy of thePurchase and Sale Agreement, executed by both the seller and purchaser, and allexhibits, copies of any real estate purchase agreement or agreements, proposedsecurity agreements and related promissory notes, assignment documents, and anyother information that BKC may request in order to evaluate the offer. BKC orits designee shall then have the prior option to purchase the interests coveredby the offer at the price and upon the same terms of the offer. If theconsideration is not money, the purchase price shall be the cash equivalent ofthe fair market value of the consideration. BKC shall have twenty (20) businessdays after receipt of the notice of offer and the furnishing of all reasonablyrequested information within which to notify Franchisee or the owners, asapplicable, of BKCs intent to exercise its right hereunder. Silence on the partof BKC shall constitute rejection. If BKC rejects the offer, Franchisee shallhave 90 days to sell the Franchised Restaurant upon the terms offered to BKC,subject to the approval of BKC a s required below. If the proposed sale includesassets of Franchisee not related to the operation of franchised Burger KingRestaurants, BKC may, at its option, elect to purchase only the assets relatedto the operation of franchised Burger King Restaurants and an equitable purchaseprice shall be allocated to each asset included in the proposed sale. A bonafide offer from a third party includes any transfer, conveyance, assignment,consolidation, merger or any other transaction in which legal or beneficialownership of the franchise granted by this Agreement is vested in other than theFranchisee. 21 15.4.2 NO WAIVER. The election by BKC not to exercise its right offirst refusal as to any offer shall not affect its right of first refusal as toany subsequent offer. 15.4.3 UNAUTHORIZED TRANSFER VOID. Any sale, attempted sale,assignment, or other transfer of the interests described in Subparagraph 15.4.1without first giving BKC the right of first refusal described above shall bevoid and of no force and effect, and shall constitute an Event of Default underParagraph 17.1(k). 15.4.4 SALE; BKC CONSENT. If BKC does not exercise its option underSubparagraph 15.4.1, Franchisee may conclude the sale to the purchaser who madethe offer provided BKCs consent to the assignment or sale be first obtained asprovided below. 15.5 BKC CONSENT TO TRANSACTION. BKC may impose reasonable conditions onits consent to the transfers contemplated in Subparagraphs 15.1 and 15.2 above.BKC is under no obligation to consent to the encumbrances contemplated inSubparagraphs 15.1 and 15.2 above, and may deny its consent to such encumbrancesin its sole discretion. 15.5.1 TRANSFER OF SUBSTANTIALLY ALL ASSETS OR TRANSFER OF STOCK BYPRINCIPAL. Reasonable conditions in connection with (i) a transfer of theFranchisees rights under this Agreement, the transfer of substantially all ofthe Franchisees assets, or the delivery or grant of any additional equitysecurities, all pursuant to Subparagraph 15.1 above, or (ii) the transfer of theshares of the Franchisee pursuant to Subparagraph 15.2 above, shall include,without limitation, each of the following: (a) All of the Franchisees accrued monetaryobligations to BKC and its Affiliates must be paid at the time of the transfer; (b) The Franchisee must not be in default under thisAgreement or any other agreement with BKC or its Affiliates at the time oftransfer; (c) The transferee (and, if applicable, all owners ofthe transferee), must complete BKCs then current franchisee applicationprocedures and meet all of BKCs then current criteria for approval as a BKCfranchisee, including financial, character, managerial, credit, operational, andlegal standards; (d) The transferee (and, if applicable, all owners ofthe transferee) must at BKCs option enter into (i) a written agreement, in aform acceptable to BKC, assuming (or guaranteeing) full performance of allobligations of the Franchisee under this Agreement, (ii) a substitute FranchiseAgreement, for a term ending on the expiration date of this Agreement, in BKCs 22then current form, except that royalty and advertising contribution orexpenditure rates shall be the same as are provided for in this Agreement, and(iii) such ancillary agreements as BKC may require; (e) The Franchisee (and, if applicable, each owner ofthe Franchisee) must execute a general release, in a form acceptable to BKC, ofany and all claims against BKC, its Affiliates, and their respective officers,directors, agents, and employees; (f) The transferee, its Director of Operations, andits Restaurant Manager must complete, at the transferees expense, anyapplicable orientation and training programs required by BKC at the time oftransfer; (g) BKC shall approve the terms and conditions of thesale which affect the sufficiency of cash flow from the business after paymentof debt service necessary for reinvestment in the business for refurnishing,maintaining, and remodeling the Location; (h) The transferor must pay the transfer fee set forthon SCHEDULE 1 in consideration of BKCs expenses in reviewing the proposedtransfer; (i) The transferee must meet with representatives ofBKC in Miami, Dade County, Florida, U.S.A., or such other location as may bedesignated by BKC; (j) The Franchisee shall execute all documentsnecessary to cancel the entries of the Franchisee as a registered user and shallcooperate with BKC in effecting the cancellation of entries with the relevantregistry of the Franchisee as a registered user. (k) The transferee shall, if BKC requests, enter intoone or more registered user agreements authorizing and permitting the use of theBurger King Marks referred to in the agreements. (l) The transferor shall be jointly and severallyliable with the transferee (and, if applicable, each owner of the transferee) toBKC for future royalty and advertising payments due under this Agreement if andso long as any part of the purchase money consideration remains owing from thetransferee to the transferor. 15.5.2 SECURITIES OFFERINGS. Franchisee represents and agrees that: 15.5.2.1 COMPLIANCE WITH BKC REQUIREMENTS. In connection withany future offerings of debt or equity securities, Franchisee will comply withall of BKCs then current requirements with respect to such offerings. Withoutlimiting the foregoing, in addition to BKCs then-current requirements 23applicable to BKCs franchisees and their principals (or owners) generally, therequirements applicable to Franchisee will include the following: immediatewritten notice to BKC of any proposed securities offering (which notice in anyevent shall be no later than the time when a proposed letter of intent,memorandum of understanding or similar document is exchanged with any personrespecting the underwriting or placement of securities of the Franchisee);submission, before or simultaneously with submission to the U.S. Securities andExchange Commission ("SEC"), (or similar governmental agency of any otherjurisdiction in which securities are offered), of registration statements and/orprospectuses to BKC for review in connection with trademark usage, inclusion ofdisclaimers, and otherwise; the execution by the principals and by underwriters,if any, of certificates required by BKC, and the execution of the Franchiseesand the Principals of an indemnity of BKC, its affiliates, agents, attorneys andemployees against any liability arising from or in connection with the offering.Within ten (10) business days after BKCs receipt of a copy of a registrationstatement filed with the SEC and which BKC wishes to review, BKC shall furnishthe Franchisee with its comments, if any, on the prospectus, provided thatfailure of BKC to comment shall not relieve the Franchisee of its obligations toinclude in every prospectus such disclaimers as are required by BKC. BKCsthen-current general requirements for offerings of equity securities shall alsoapply to offerings of debt securities by the Franchisee unless and untilseparate requirements are articulated by BKC for debt and equity securitiesofferings. 15.5.2.2 SUBMISSION TO BKC. Franchisee shallsimultaneously file with BKC all reports and other documents that Franchisee maybe required to file with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or with, any governmentalagency pursuant to the laws and regulations of any other jurisdiction in whichsecurities are offered, as and when due. 15.5.2.3 REGISTRATION RIGHTS: SECONDARY OFFERINGS.Franchisee agrees that it will not grant additional registration rights ormodify any registration rights previously granted without prior written noticeto BKC. The Franchisee further agrees that if it is required to effect aregistration pursuant to any registration rights previously granted, then, inconnection with any secondary offering of securities pursuant to suchregistration, it shall comply with BKCs then-current requirements, policies andprocedures in connection with such offering and, without limiting the foregoing,shall indemnify BKC from liability arising from or in connection with theOffering, in the same manner as would be required in connection with an offeringof securities by the Franchisee. 15.5.2.4 BKC EXPENSES. The Franchisee must, inconnection with any proposed offering of securities requiring the review orconsent of BKC, agree to pay BKC for certain of BKCs internal and externalcosts in connection with its review of the proposed securities offering. 24 15.5.3 CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS. Notwithstanding any other provision ofthis agreement, the Franchisee shall not be required to submit to BKC for itsreview and comment any "S-3" or "S-8" filing by the Franchisee with the SEC, andthe Franchisee shall not be required to obtain the prior written consent of BKCin connection with an issuance of securities pursuant to an S-8 filing with theSEC so long as the securities issued pursuant to such filing represent, peroffering: (i) through December 31, 1998, less than three (3%) percent of thesecurities of that class issued and outstanding, and (ii) after December 31,1998, less than one percent (1%) of the securities of that class issued andoutstanding. 15.6 NO WAIVER. BKCs consent to a transfer shall not constitute a waiverof any claims it may have against the transferring party, nor shall it be deemeda waiver of BKCs right to demand exact compliance with any of the terms of thisAgreement by the transferor or transferee. 15.7 DEATH OR MENTAL INCAPACITY OF PRINCIPAL. If the Principal is anatural person, upon the death or mental incapacity of a Principal, theexecutor, administrator, or personal representative of such Principal shalltransfer the Principals interest in Franchisee to a third party approved by BKCwithin a reasonable time after the Principals death or mental incapacity.Transfers by devise or inheritance shall not be subject to BKCs right of firstrefusal under Paragraph 15.4 above, but shall be subject to the same conditionsimposed on any INTER VIVOS transfer under Paragraph 15.5 above. All othertransfers shall be subject to BKCs right of first refusal under Paragraph 15.4above, or if such right is not exercised, the same conditions as may be imposedon any INTER VIVOS transfer under Paragraph 15.5 above. In the case of transferby devise or inheritance, if the heir is not approved or there is no heir, theexecutor shall use best efforts to transfer the Principals interest to anotherparty approved by BKC within twelve (12) months from the date of the Principalsdeath. If the conveyance of the Principals interest to a party acceptable toBKC has not taken place within the twelve (12) month period, BKC shall have theoption, to purchase the Principals interest at fair market value. 15.8 CORPORATE DOCUMENTS. The articles of incorporation, the bylaws andeach stock certificate of the Franchisee must at all times provide that theissuance and transfer of shares in the Franchisee are restricted as providedabove and may be done only in accordance with the terms and conditions of thisAgreement. 15.9 ASSIGNMENT BY BKC. BKC may assign this Agreement to any person orcompany which acquires its Burger King business in the territory in which theFranchised Restaurant is located or a substantial part thereof, whether byoutright acquisition or by way of a master franchise agreement.25 2516. THE PRINCIPALS. 16.1 STOCK OWNERSHIP. The Principals represent and warrant to BKC thatSCHEDULE 2 contains a complete list of their respective shareholdings in theFranchisee on the date of this Agreement and that, unless otherwise stated, thePrincipals are the beneficial owners of their respective shares. 16.2 COMPLIANCE BY PRINCIPALS. Each Principal shall comply with thecovenants, terms, conditions and acknowledgments contained in the followingsections as if it were the party named therein in place of the Franchisee:Section 11 (Limitations of Franchise); Section 12 (Unfair Competition); Section15 (Disposal); and Section 18 (Restrictive Covenant). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, includingwithout Imitation Sections 15.1 and 15.5, so long as international Fast FoodCorporation, ("IFFC") is a Principal of the Franchisee, BKC will notunreasonably withhold its consent to the sale or issuance of additional equitysecurities in IFFC provided that IFFC has complied with all reasonableconditions then established by BKC in connection with the proposed sale orissuance of equity securities by IFFC. 16.3 GUARANTY. Each Principal hereby agrees to jointly, severally, andunconditionally guaranty the payment and performance of all debts, obligationsand liabilities of the Franchisee to BKC arising pursuant to this Agreement, orany other agreement with BKC relating directly or indirectly to the FranchisedRestaurant (the "BKC Agreements"), together with all costs of collection,compromise or enforcement, including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred withrespect to any such debts, obligations or liabilities or with respect to this orany other guaranty thereof or any bankruptcy proceeding or other similar actionaffecting the rights of the Franchisees creditors generally (all of theforegoing being referred to collectively as the "Obligations"). This guaranty bythe Principals shall continue in full force and effect until the Franchisee hasfully paid and performed all of the Obligations. In connection with theguaranties set forth above (collectively, the "Guaranties"), each of the partiesto this Agreement hereby agrees as follows: (a) The Guaranties shall not be impaired by any modification,supplement, extension or amendment of the BKC Agreements or any of theObligations, nor by any modification, release or other alteration of any of theObligations hereby guaranteed, nor by any agreements or arrangements whateverwith the Franchisee or any one else; (b) The liability of each Principal is primary, direct andunconditional and may be enforced without requiring BKC first to resort to anyother right, remedy or security; 26 (c) No Principal shall have any right of subrogation, repayment,reimbursement or indemnity whatsoever, unless and until the Obligations are paidor performed in full and all debts owed by the Franchisee to any Principal arehereby subordinated to the Obligations; (d) If any Principal should at any time die, become incapacitated,become insolvent or make a composition, trust mortgage or general assignment forthe benefit of creditors, or if a bankruptcy proceeding or any action under asimilar law affecting the rights of creditors generally shall be filed orcommenced by, against o r in respect of any Principal, any and all obligationsof that Principal shall, at BKCs option, immediately become due and payablewithout notice, (e) If any payment or transfer to BKC which has been creditedagainst any Obligation, is voided or rescinded or required to be returned byBKC, whether or not in connection with any event or proceeding described inSection 16.3(d), the Guaranties shall continue in effect or be reinstated asthough such payment, transfer or recovery had not been made; (f) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each of theGuaranties shall be construed as an absolute, unconditional, continuing andunlimited obligation of each Principal without regard to the regularity,validity or enforceability of any of the Obligations, and without regard towhether any Obligation is limited, modified, voided, released or discharged inany proceeding under any law affecting the rights of creditors generally; (g) Any termination of the Guaranties shall be applicable only toObligations accruing after the termination or having their inception after theeffective date of such termination and shall not affect Obligations having theirinception prior to such date; (h) The death or incapacity of any Principal hereunder shall notresult in the termination of the Guaranties; (i) Any and all present and future debts and obligations of theFranchisee to any Principal hereunder are hereby waived an id postponed in favorof and subordinated to the full payment and performance of the Obligations; and (j) Each Principal waives to the greatest extent permitted by law:notice of acceptance hereof; presentment and protest of any instrument, andnotice thereof; notice of default; notice of foreclosure; notice of anymodification, release or other alteration of any of the Obligations or of anysecurity therefor and all other notices to which any Principal might otherwisebe entitled. 2717. DEFAULT AND EFFECTS OF TERMINATION. 17.1.1 EVENTS OF DEFAULT BY FRANCHISEE. Franchisee shall be in defaultunder this Agreement upon the occurrence of any of the following events orconditions (individually, an "Event of Default" and collectively, the "Events ofDefault"): (a) If the Franchisee fails to pay when due any amount owed toBKC under this Agreement, and does not cure such failure within ten (10) days ofdelivery of written notice of such failure. (b) If the Franchisee fails to operate the FranchisedRestaurant in full compliance with the terms of this Agreement and the MODManual (including without limitation the provisions regarding productspecifications, cleanliness, health, sanitation and the use of the Burger KingMarks), and does not cure such failure wh thin ten (10) days of delivery ofwritten notice of such failure. (c) If the Franchisee fails to maintain the FranchisedRestaurant in conformance with the Current Image as required by Sections 5.3.1and 5.3.2 hereof, or to remodel, improve and alter the Franchised Restaurant asrequired in Section 5.3.3 hereof, and does not cure such failure within ninety(90) days of delivery of written notice of such failure. (d) If the Franchisee challenges the validity or ownership ofthe Burger King Marks or BKCs ownership rights to the Burger King System. (e) If the Franchisee fails to continuously operate theFranchised Restaurant as required by Section 2.4 of this Agreement. (f) If the Franchisee fails to continuously occupy theLocation throughout the term of this Agreement, unless such failure isattributable to a proper exercise of governmental authority. (g) If the Franchisee should at any time become insolvent ormake a composition, trust mortgage or general assignment for the benefit ofcreditors, or if a bankruptcy proceeding, receivership or any action under anysimilar law affecting the rights of creditors generally shall be filed orcommenced by, against or in respect of the Franchisee or any portion of itsproperty. (h) If the Franchisee makes any materially false statement inconnection with any report of Gross Sales or in any other financial statementrequired hereby, other than an obvious and unintentional error. (i) If the Franchisee commits "persistent breaches" of theterms of this Agreement (whether or not material in isolation) after written 28notice of such breaches has been delivered by BKC, any three breaches occurringwithin a period of six months shall be deemed to constitute "persistentbreaches." (j) If the Franchisee for any reason other than an improperact or breach by BKC ceases to be entitled to remain registered as a registereduser of any of the Burger King Marks. (k) If any events occur which are contrary to Section 15hereof. (l) If the Franchisee engages in activities prohibited bySection 12 (Unfair Competition) or Section 18 (Restrictive Covenant), ordiscloses any trade secrets of BKC in violation of Section 11 (Limitations ofFranchise). (m) If the Franchisee or any of its affiliates is in breach ofany other obligation owed to BKC or any of its Affiliates whether under this orany other agreement. (n) If the Franchisee has knowingly made false or misleadingstatements in order to obtain execution of this Agreement by BKC. (o) If the Franchisee or any of its officers or directors isconvicted of a criminal offense punishable by a term of imprisonment in excessof two (2) years. (p) The Franchisee fails to perform any obligation under thisAgreement which is not capable of cure. (q) If the Franchisee fails to perform any other obligationunder this Agreement and does not cure such failure within thirty (30) days ofwritten notice of such failure. (r) If any of the above occurs in relation to any Principal. 17.2.1 EVENT OF BKC DEFAULT. BKC shall be in default under thisAgreement if BKC fails to perform any of its obligations under this Agreementand does not cure such failure within sixty (60) days of written notice of suchfailure (an "Event of BKC Default"). 17.2 TERMINATION. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, thisAgreement shall automatically terminate without any further notice oropportunity to cure under Section 17.1.1 above and BKC shall, subject to theprovisions of Subsection 17.6 below, have the right to claim lost royalties andadvertising contributions, and shall also have all other rights and remediesavailable under applicable law. Upon the occurrence of an Event of BKC Defaultunder Section 17.1.2., this Agreement shall automatically terminate withoutfurther notice or opportunity to cure and the Franchisee shall have all other 29rights and remedies available under applicable law. Subject to the provisions ofSection 17.6 below, the rights of the parties set forth in this Section 17.2shall be in addition to any other rights the parties may have under applicablelaw. 17.3 EFFECT OF TERMINATION. Upon expiration or termination for any reasonof this Agreement, the Franchisees right to use the Burger King Marks and theBurger King System shall terminate. The Franchisee shall not thereafter identifyitself as a Burger King franchisee or former Burger King franchisee or use, anyof BKCs trade secrets, operating procedures, promotional materials, Burger KingMarks or any marks confusingly similar. The Franchisee will immediately returnto BKC the MOD Manual loaned to the Franchisee including any translationsthereof, together with all other materials containing trade secrets, restaurantoperating instructions or business practices of BKC. Where applicable, BKC shallbe entitled to take all steps necessary for the cancellation of the entries ofthe Franchisee with the Registrar of Trademarks, or its equivalent authority, asa registered user without opposition or hindrance of the Franchisee. TheFranchisee will, at the request and cost of BKC, cooperate in any such steps. 17.4 POST-TERMINATION OPTION. The Franchisee grants to BKC or itsdesignee upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, the option topurchase all usable paper goods, containers and printed menus bearing any of theBurger King Marks or trade names at the price paid by the Franchisee and topurchase the Franchisees restaurant equipment, furniture, fixtures and signs atfair market value. 17.5 POST-TERMINATION OBLIGATIONS OF FRANCHISEE. 17.5.1 OPTIONS TO PURCHASE LOCATION. Upon termination or expirationof this Agreement, if the parties do not enter into a successor FranchiseAgreement whereby the Franchisee shall continue to be a franchisee and operatethe Franchised Restaurant at the Location, BKC or its designee shall have theoption subject to obtaining any necessary governmental consent: (a) To purchase the Location and/or any relatedequipment at fair market value, if the Franchisee, any of the Principals or anaffiliate of the Franchisee owns the Location and/or related equipment. (b) If the Location is leased by the Franchisee, any ofthe Principals or an affiliate of the Franchisee, subject to obtaining anynecessary landlords consent, to obtain an assignment of the leasehold interestat a price equal to the fair market value of the leasehold interest. 17.5.2 DEIDENTIFICATION. If BKC or its designee do not exercise thisoption the Franchisee agrees to immediately make such removals or changes in 30signs and the building as BKC shall request so as to effectively distinguish theLocation from its former appearance and from any other Burger King Restaurant. 17.5.3 BKC LIEN. To secure payment of any damages in the event oftermination as a result of the Franchisees default, BKC shall have a lien, onthe personal property, machinery, fixtures and equipment owned by the Franchiseeat the Location at the time of such default. 17.5.4 ACCELERATION OF PAYMENTS. All monies owed by Franchisee toBKC shall be immediately due and payable upon term nation. 17.6 DISPUTE RESOLUTION. (a) Subject to subparagraph (b) below, all controversies, disputesor claims arising between the Franchisee, the Principals, and their respectiveshareholders, officers, directors, agents and employees (in their respectivecapacity) (collectively, the "Franchisee Parties") and BKC arising out of orrelated to the relationship of the parties hereto, this Agreement or anyprovision hereof, any related agreement (including any development agreement),the validity of this Agreement or any provision hereof or the operation of theFranchised Restaurant shall be submitted to and settled by arbitration in theCity of New York in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of theAmerican Arbitration Association ("AAA") then obtaining. Such arbitrationproceedings shall be conducted before a panel of three (3) arbitrators. TheFranchisee Parties shall l appoint one arbitrator, between them, BKC shall eachappoint one arbitrator and the two arbitrators so appointed shall appoint athird arbitrator to act as Chair. If said two arbitrators fail to nominate theChair within thirty (30) days from the date of appointment of the secondarbitrator to be appointed, the Chair shall be appointed by the AAA. Unlessotherwise provided in this Paragraph, all matters within the scope of theFederal Arbitration Act of the United States of America (9 U.S.C. ss.ss.1 etseq.) shall be governed by it. The arbitrators shall have the right to award orinclude in their award any relief which they deem proper in the circumstances,including with out limitation, money damages (with interest on unpaid amountsfrom date due), specific performance, injunctive relief, legal fees and costs,provided that the arbitrators shall not award exemplary or punitive damages. Theaward and decision of the arbitrators shall be conclusive and binding upon theFranchisee Parties and BKC and judgment upon the award may be entered in anycourt of competent jurisdiction. The Franchisee Parties and BKC furtherexpressly agree and consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State ofNew York for the purpose of entering judgment upon any such award of thearbitrators. The Franchisee Parties and BKC further agree to be bound by theprovisions of any applicable limitation on the period of time in which claimsmust be brought under applicable law or this Agreement, whichever is less. Theparties further agree that in connection with any such arbitration proceeding,they shall submit or file any claim which would constitute a compulsorycounterclaim (as defined by Rule 13 of the United States Federal Rules of Civil 31Procedure) within the same proceeding as the claim to which it relates. Any suchclaim which is not submitted or filed as described above shall be barred. Thisprovision shall continue in full force and effect subsequent to andnotwithstanding expiration or termination of this Agreement. (b) Notwithstanding subparagraph (a) above, BKC shall be entitled toseek the entry of temporary or preliminary injunctions, restraining orders andorders of specific performance enforcing the provisions of this Agreement or anydevelopment agreement relating to the use of BKCs Marks or proprietary in"formation by the Franchisee or any Principal upon the termination or expirationof this Agreement or any development agreement. The Franchisees (or thePrincipals) only remedy if an injunction is so entered will be the dissolutionof that injunction, if warranted, upon due hearing, all other claims beingsubject to arbitration under subparagraph (a) above.18. RESTRICTIVE COVENANT. Neither the Principals nor the Franchisee shalldirectly or indirectly (through stock ownership, partnership, trust, jointventure, management contract, or otherwise) (a) have any interest in another"Fast Food Hamburger Restaurant" during the term of this Agreement, or (b) for aperiod of one ye ar after termination or expiration of this Agreement, have anyinterest in another Fast Food Hamburger Restaurant business at or within suchdistance of the Location as is stated SCHEDULE 1. For purposes of this Section,"Fast Food Hamburger Restaurant" shall mean any restaurant which (a) hashamburgers or hamburger based products which account for 50(degree)/o or more oftotal menu items or total Gross Sales, and (b) does not offer table service asthe principal method of ordering or food delivery19. MISCELLANEOUS: GENERAL CONDITION. 19.1 INTERPRETATION. The Introduction shall be considered a part of thisAgreement. Paragraph headings are used only for convenience and do not form partof this Agreement. A covenant on the part of the Franchisee not to do somethingincludes a covenant not to permit others to do it; any right given to BKCincludes the right to do it through servants or agents or third partycontractors or to do it in conjunction with its servants, agents or third partycontractors and includes any necessary rights of access. To the extent of anyinconsistency, this Agreement prevails over the MOD Manual. References to theparties shall include their heirs, successors in title and assigns. 19.2 NON-WAIVER. The failure of BKC to exercise any right or option givento it hereunder, or to insist upon strict compliance by the Franchisee or thePrincipals or any person comprising the Franchisee or the Principals with theterms of this Agreement, shall not constitute a waiver of any terms orconditions of this Agreement with respect to any other or subsequent breach, nora waiver by BKC of its right at any time thereafter to require exact and strictcompliance with all the terms of this Agreement. The rights or remedies setforth in this Agreement are in addition to any other rights or remedies whichmay be granted by law. 32 19.3 GOVERNING LAW/JURISDICTION. This Agreement shall become valid whenexecuted and accepted by BKC in Miami, Florida; it shall be governed andconstrued under and in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida; U.S.A.;provided, however, that since the Franchisee is a corporation formed under thelaws of the Republic of Poland which is not doing business in the State ofFlorida, the Florida Franchise Act, Florida Statutes Section 817.416(1971) shallnot apply to this Agreement. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that alldisputes arising in connection with this Agreement shall be finally settledpursuant to the provisions set forth in Section 17.6 of this Agreement. However,in the event that Section 17.6(b) of this Agreement applies, then the UnitedStates District Court for the Southern District of New York or, if such courtlacks jurisdiction, the Supreme Court for the State of New York, County of NewYork, shall be the venue and exclusive forum in which to adjudicate any case orcontroversy arising under said Section 17.6(b), and the parties further agreethat in the event of any such litigation in these courts, they will not contestor challenge the jurisdiction or venue of these courts. 19.4 LICENSES, PERMITS, ETC. The Franchisee shall obtain and maintain alllicenses and other permits required by the law of the governing bodies where theFranchised Restaurant is located and shall comply with all local governmentalrequirements relating to the construction, equipping and operation of thebuilding and the preparation and sale of items in the Franchised Restaurant. 19.5 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. Notwithstanding anything herein to thecontrary, the Franchisee shall operate the Franchised Restaurant in a lawfulmanner and faithfully comply with the applicable laws, regulations or legitimateadministrative requirements of national, regional, and municipal governingbodies or other political subdivisions in which the Franchised Restaurant islocated. 19.6 REMEDIES. If the Franchisee breaches this Agreement, BKC shall beentitled to injunctive relief in addition to all other rights and remediesavailable under Section 17.2 of this Agreement. 19.7 SEVERABILITY. The parties agree that if any provisions of thisAgreement may be construed in two ways, one of which would render the provisionillegal or otherwise voidable or unenforceable, and the other of which wouldrender the provision valid and enforceable, such provision shall have themeaning which renders it valid and enforceable. The language of all provisionsof this Agreement shall be construed according to its fair meaning and notstrictly against any party. It is the intent of the parties that the provisionsof this Agreement be enforced to the fullest extent and should any court orother public agency determine that any provision herein is not enforceable aswritten in this Agreement, the provision shall be amended so that it isenforceable to the fullest extent permissible under the laws and public policiesof the jurisdiction in which the enforcement is sought. The provisions of thisAgreement are severable and this Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced as 33if all completely invalid or unenforceable provisions were not contained in theAgreement, and partially valid and enforceable provisions shall be enforced tothe extent that they are valid and enforceable. 19.8 NOTICES. 19.8.1 NOTICE TO BKC. All notices to BKC shall be written in Englishand shall be sent by facsimile and hand delivered in person or by courier orsent by registered airmail, postage fully prepaid, addressed to BKC at 17777 OldCutler Road, Miami, Florida 33157, U.S.A., Attention: General Counsel, Facsimilenumber (305) 378-7230, or at such other address as BKC shall from time to timedesignate in writing. 19.8.2 NOTICE TO FRANCHISEE/PRINCIPALS. All notices to theFranchisee or the Principals shall be written in English and shall be sent byfacsimile and hand delivered in person or by courier, or sent by airmail,postage fully prepaid, and shall be addressed to the Franchisee and/or thePrincipals at the Franchised Restaurant premises, or the Franchisees last knownmailing address if the Franchised Restaurant has ceased operations, with a copydelivered to the Principals address (but only so long as International FastFood Corporation is the sole Principal). 19.8.3 DELIVERY. Notices which are sent by mail shall be deemeddelivered on the earlier of actual receipt or the tenth (10th) day after beingdeposited in the mail. Notices sent by hand shall be deemed delivered uponactual receipt. 19.9 LANGUAGE. This Agreement is in the English language only, whichlanguage shall be controlling in all respects. 19.10 MODIFICATION. This Agreement may only be modified or amended by awritten document signed by the parties. 19.11 BINDING EFFECT. This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties,their heirs, executors, personal representatives, successors or assigns. 19.12 CURRENCY. Unless otherwise provided all payments required under thisAgreement shall be made in United States currency in the U.S.A. 19.13 SURVIVAL. Any provisions of this Agreement which impose anobligation after termination or expiration of this Agreement shall survive thetermination or expiration of this Agreement and remain binding on the parties. 19.14 AGENCY. BKC shall be entitled to entrust the performance of any ofits obligations under this Agreement to an Affiliate, and any notice required tobe given by BKC shall be validly given if given by an Affiliate. 3420. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement together with any formal Development orTarget Reservation Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties andsupersedes all prior negotiations, commitments, representations, warranties, andundertaking of the parties (if any) with respect to the subject matter of thisAgreement and to the Franchised Restaurant. No term or condition shall beimplied into this Agreement in derogation of, or in a manner which isinconsistent with or alters, the express terms set forth in this Agreement.21. INDEPENDENT ADVICE. THE FRANCHISEE AND EACH PRINCIPAL ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THEYHAVE BEEN ADVISED BY BKC OR ITS AGENTS TO TAKE INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL ADVICEON ALL ASPECTS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE BURGER KING BUSINESS AND THAT THEY HAVETAKEN SUCH INDEPENDENT ADVICE AS THEY DEEM NECESSARY AND HAVE INDEPENDENTLYSATISFIED THEMSELVES ON ALL RELEVANT MATTERS RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THEOPERATION OF BURGER KING RESTAURANTS BEFORE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT. The parties have executed this Agreement as of the date indicated on pageone. BURGER KING CORPORATION By: /S/ Mark Gerasi ---------------------------------- Vice President Attest: /S/ Kim A. Goodhard ---------------------------------- Assistant Secretary (Corporate Seal) INTERNATIONAL FAST FOOD POLSKA SP ZO.O (the "Franchisee") By: /S/ Mitchell Rubinson ---------------------------------- Name: Mitchell Rubinson -------------------------------- Position: President ---------------------------- 35 THE PRINCIPAL: INTERNATIONAL FAST FOOD CORPORATION By: /S/ Mitchell Rubinson ---------------------------------- Name: Mitchell Rubinson -------------------------------- Position: President ---------------------------- 36 SCHEDULE 1 TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT ---------------------------------The Franchisee: INTERNATIONAL FAST FOOD POLSKA SP ZO.0The Principals: INTERNATIONAL FAST FOOD CORPORATION"The Location": means all the land, and any buildings from time to time thereon, known as -------------------------------------- __________________________ and more particularly delineated in the plan attached to the Franchisees real estate package as finally approved by BKC.Director of Operations (name): ______________________________________Managing Director (name): ______________________________________Initial Franchise Fee: U.S. ______________________Royalty percentage: 5% -------Advertising percentage: 6% -------Term: __________ (____) yearsHours of Operation: 11:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. dailyTransfer payment fee: U.S. 10,000 ---------------- Radius of restrictive covenant: Two Kilometers ----------------Governing Law: State of New York, U.S.A. -------------------------- 37 SCHEDULE 2 TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENTShares of the Franchisee owned by the Principals: Number of Class of % of Class of % of Total Principal Shares Shares Shares Shares- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------International Fast Food 80%Corporation - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- 38 EXHIBIT "A" TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT POLAND TRADEMARKS -----------------Marks registered in Poland: Date of Classes Reg. No. Registration ------- -------- ------------Burger King Logo 16,29,30,32,42 7441 18 Feb., 1994Whopper 16,29,30,32,42 7441 18 Feb., 1994Burger King Wordmark 16,29,30,42 7442 18 Feb., 1994 39