Exhibit 99.1[] Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked by brackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commissionpursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.CHANNEL PARTNER RESELLER AGREEMENTTHIS CHANNEL PARTNER RESELLER AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is entered into and agreed upon as of the Effective Date by and betweenIPASS INC., having a principal place of business at 3800 Bridge Parkway, Redwood Shores, CA 94065 (“iPass”), and Pareteum Corporation, having aprincipal business address at 100 Park Avenue, Suite 1600, New York City, New York 10017 (“Channel Partner”). Capitalized terms used in thisAgreement shall be defined as set forth herein. This Agreement is comprised of the Terms and Conditions together with all Exhibits attached hereto.The undersigned represent and warrant that they are authorized as representatives of the party on whose behalf they are signing this Agreementand that they have read and agree to adhere to the Terms and Conditions as well as the exhibits attached hereto and incorporated herein byreference.IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.Channel Partner:iPass Inc.:By: /s/ Victor A. BozzoBy: /s/ Christine GardnerVictor A. BozzoChristine GardnerPrinted NamePrinted NameChief Executive OfficerVP FinanceTitleTitle4/24/201804/25/2018DateDateSource: IPASS INC, 8-K, 12/3/2018TERMS AND CONDITIONS1.APPOINTMENT OF CHANNEL PARTNER1.1 General. iPass will make the Service available to Channel Partner in exchange for the fees referenced in the Exhibits attached hereto andincorporated herein by reference. Channel Partner may order Services using an iPass approved order form available via the iPass Portal. Each orderform must reference this Agreement and each order form shall merge and incorporate the terms herein. Each order form is a separate and distinctcontractual obligation.1.2 Grant of Authority. iPass grants to Channel Partner a nonexclusive, terminable right to: (i) access and otherwise use the LicensedSoftware, and iPass Marks as provided in Exhibit F solely in furtherance of this Agreement and not for other internal business purposes, (ii) sell orre-license the Licensed Software, Documentation and Services to Business Entities and End Users, and (iii) install and execute the Server Softwareon up to three (3) designated servers and one backup server for Channel Partner and for each End User. Channel Partner accepts iPass as theexclusive provider to Channel Partner for all services of the nature of the Services. In no event may Channel Partner resell or otherwise provide theService to any third party for purposes of further “down channel” resale of the Services, absent iPass’ notice and consent. The license grantedunder this Section 1.2 does not include a license or other right to use the iPass domain name and does not include the right to use the trademark ortrade name of any iPass supplier or partner.1.3 Software Delivery iPass will provide the Licensed Software to Channel Partner electronically via the iPass Portal, an iPass FTP websiteor on-line app store.1.4 Account and Password Information. iPass will assign to Channel Partner a unique password and identification code used to access theChannel Partner section of the iPass Portal. Channel Partner may not transfer or share this account information with any third party. Channel Partneris solely responsible for assigning user names and passwords (“Credentials”) to End Users so that End Users may access the iPass Portal and forimposing reasonable limitations on the disclosure of such Credentials.2.CHANNEL PARTNER RESPONSIBILITIES2.1 General. Channel Partner will use its reasonable endeavours cooperate with iPass and assist with the implementation of this Agreementand performance of the Services. Prior to deployment of the Licensed Software in a production environment, Channel Partner agrees to implementprocesses that will allow the Licensed Software to successfully report as specified in the Documentation. If Channel Partner fails to implement suchprocesses within a reasonable time following iPass’ request, iPass may elect to terminate the Agreement or Channel Partner’s use of the LicensedSoftware upon written notice to Channel Partner. In such an event, Channel Partner shall be responsible for payment of all undisputed amounts dueand owing to iPass under the Agreement. In addition, Channel Partner agrees to ensure that prior to deployment of the Licensed Software in aBusiness Entity production environment, each Business Entity implements processes that will allow the Licensed Software to successfully reportas specified in the Documentation. If Channel Partner’s Business Entity fails to implement such processes within a reasonable time following iPass’or Channel Partner’s request, iPass may elect to terminate the order for such Business Entity upon written notice to Channel Partner. In such anevent, Channel Partner shall be responsible for payment of all undisputed amounts due and owing to iPass under the Agreement.2.2 Acceptable Use Policy. Channel Partner agrees that it will not (and will not permit Business Entities) to use the Service in a mannercontrary to the iPass acceptable use policy located at http://www3.ipass.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/Acceptable-Use-Policy.pdf/, andincorporated herein by reference.iPass Channel Partner Reseller Agreement04.18.2018 iPass Confidential[] Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked bybrackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.Source: IPASS INC, 8-K, 12/3/20182.3 End User Realms. A realm is used to uniquely identify a user with a specific End User or group. (An example would be example.com).Realms are created by iPass in cooperation with Channel Partner and the relevant End User. Channel Partner does not own or control these realmsby virtue of having registered them with iPass or having paid any fees associated with such registration. Upon request by Channel Partner or theEnd User, iPass may remove a realm from its system or re-assign a realm to another Channel Partner.2.4 End User Support. Channel Partner will provide technical and End User support in accordance with Exhibit D.2.5 End User Satisfaction. iPass may, upon reasonable notice to Channel Partner, directly contact End Users for any reason pertaining tosuch End User’s use of the Service, subject to compliance with local privacy law. Should an End User communicate to Channel Partner or to iPassits dissatisfaction regarding the Services or related matters, the notified party shall promptly give notice to the other party, and iPass and ChannelPartner shall work together in good faith to resolve the issue to End User’s reasonable satisfaction. If in iPass’ reasonable determination the issue isnot resolved within thirty (30) days after Channel Partner’s receipt of notice of End User’s dissatisfaction, iPass may, in addition to other remediesavailable to iPass, revoke Channel Partner’s appointment under Section 1.2 wholly or with respect to such End User and may refer such End User toanother iPass channel partner or provide services directly to such End User without any liability to Channel Partner.2.6 End User Agreements. Before making available any Services to an End User, Channel Partner will enter into an End User Agreementthat is materially similar to the terms and conditions contained in Exhibit E. Channel Partner will enforce each End User Agreement with at least thesame degree of diligence used in enforcing similar agreements pertaining Channel Partner’s own services or products but in no event will ChannelPartner provide a standard of care in this regard that is less than commercially reasonable. Channel Partner will not waive, amend, or agree to termsthat would tend to negate or materially dilute the sample terms provided in Exhibit E. Channel Partner shall promptly notify iPass of any materialbreach of any End User Agreement and will cooperate with iPass and/or iPass suppliers in any legal action to mitigate iPass’ damages in the eventof any such breach. iPass may, and may require Channel Partner to suspend or terminate Services to an End User who breaches the terms of an EndUser Agreement. Upon request, Channel Partner will provide iPass a copy of each End User Agreement entered into by Channel Partner and EndUsers. A breach by an End User is deemed a breach by Channel Partner.2.7 TRAINING. iPass may provide training in use of the Services. Such training and the applicable fees are indicated in Exhibit D.3.SERVICE RATE PLAN3.1 Fees. Channel Partner is solely responsible for billing End Users, and paying iPass for all usage of the Services. Channel Partner agreesto pay for usage of the Service on a monthly basis in accordance with the pricing set forth in Exhibit C. iPass may change the pricing in Exhibit Cupon notice to Channel Partner, such changes to be effective within thirty (30) days after the date of such notice, such changes may include, byway of example only, the application of end of life fees.iPass Channel Partner Reseller Agreement04.18.2018 iPass Confidential[] Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked bybrackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.Source: IPASS INC, 8-K, 12/3/20183.2 Payment. All payments hereunder will be in US Dollars and are due and payable within thirty (30) days after the date of invoice. iPassmay terminate or modify these payment terms with reasonable notice, when, in its reasonable discretion, iPass believes that its payments may be atrisk. All rights of Channel Partner are expressly made conditional upon timely payment, without the right of set off, of all amounts due by ChannelPartner under the Agreement. Without limiting iPass’ other available rights and remedies, iPass reserves the right to suspend or to terminate anyServices ten (10) days after sending written notice of a payment that is thirty (30) or more days past due. iPass may include on an invoice, andChannel Partner agrees to pay for: (i) any Services used within one hundred eighty (180) days before the date of the invoice; and (ii) anycorrections to amounts invoiced within one hundred eighty (180) days after the date of the original invoice. If Channel Partner reasonably disputesan invoiced amount, Channel Partner may: (a) withhold such amount from Channel Partner’s payment, provided that Channel Partner gives iPasswritten notice of the dispute and the reason for such dispute within thirty (30) days after the date of invoice, and pays all invoiced amounts notsubject to such dispute by the due date; or (b) in the event that the invoiced amount has already been paid in full, submit a claim to iPass withinsixty (60) days following the date of the original invoice. The parties will cause their authorized representatives to meet within fifteen (15) days afterChannel Partner’s notice of dispute to negotiate in good faith to resolve the dispute. If such representatives have not resolved the dispute withinfifteen (15) days after their first meeting, the parties will either decide mutually to continue negotiations or, if either party does not desire tocontinue negotiations, each party may exercise its available remedies with respect to the disputed amounts. To the extent a dispute resolutionrequires payment of disputed amounts, Channel Partner shall pay such disputed amounts promptly after the dispute is resolved.3.3 Late Fees. iPass reserves the right to charge interest of one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month compounded for the entire overdueperiod or the maximum amount allowed by law if fees are not paid by their due date.3.4 Taxes. Channel Partner will pay all applicable transaction based taxes including but not limited to sales, use, gross receipts, excise,value-added, duties and other taxes and/or surcharges related to purchase of iPass Services and goods. As between iPass and Channel Partner,Channel Partner will be responsible for self-assessing and remitting all transaction based taxes unless otherwise invoiced by iPass. If ChannelPartner is required by law in Channel Partner’s respective country to withhold taxes on payments made to iPass, then Channel Partner shall grossup such payments by the amount of tax withheld. All prices are exclusive of tax. If required to do so by law, iPass will charge sales or value addedtax where registered. Otherwise, Channel Partner is liable to self-assess or reverse charge applicable sales or value added tax. For tangible productsshipped overseas iPass will not be importer of record. Channel Partner will provide and make available to iPass any resale certificates and otherexemption certificates that are related to the taxes that may be due as a result of this Agreement. Upon receipt of any such resale or exemptioncertificate, iPass will exempt Channel Partner in accordance with the applicable law, effective on the date iPass receives the certificate(s).4.BRANDING4.1 Branding. Subject to the license grant in Section 1.2, Channel Partner agrees to incorporate and display the iPass trademarks and logosset forth in Exhibit F, Exhibit F may be amended from time to time by iPass (“iPass Marks”), on all Channel Partner web sites mentioning theService, all help files relating to the Service and all printed collateral referring to the Service. Channel Partner may reproduce and publicly displayany iPass web content as provided to Channel Partner by iPass on Channel Partner’s web site. Channel Partner will not modify the iPass WebContent without iPass prior written approval. Channel Partner will have at a minimum one (1) web page describing the iPass Services. ChannelPartner will follow the iPass Branding usage guidelines which will be provided by iPass on the secure iPass Portal. Use of the iPass Marks issubject to iPass’ reasonable review and approval. Channel Partner shall state at the first instance of each use of an iPass Mark that the iPass Markis iPass’ trademark and shall include the symbols TM and as appropriate. Channel Partner shall not use any trademark, word, symbol, letter, ordesign in combination with the iPass Marks in a manner that would create a combination mark. Channel Partner shall not attempt to register theiPass Marks or adopt, use or attempt to register any confusingly similar mark or web site domain names.iPass Channel Partner Reseller Agreement04.18.2018 iPass Confidential[] Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked bybrackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.Source: IPASS INC, 8-K, 12/3/20184.2 Client Software Branding. Upon request, iPass will provide Channel Partner co-branding space on the Client Software interface inorder to display a logo or trademark of Channel Partner or an End User. The placement and size of any Channel Partner mark included on the ClientSoftware interface, if any, will be in iPass’ sole discretion. Channel Partner may not remove, modify, or obscure the iPass Mark and iPass brandingon the Client Software without the prior consent of iPass. iPass will supply Channel Partner with appropriate graphics for Client Softwareapplications, web promotional banners, and logos for print and web uses.4.3 Information Updates. Channel Partner agrees to update its information on the iPass Services on its website and in other materials at aminimum of once a quarter to reflect current information on the iPass Services as such information is provided by iPass.4.4 Publicity and Channel Partner Lists. After the Effective Date and subject to approval from the Channel Partner first, iPass may issue apress release announcing that Channel Partner is a reseller of the iPass Service and announcing the existence of this Agreement. Channel Partnershall mention the iPass name in all press releases related to the Services. Channel Partner consents to (i) the use of its name and logo in iPass’Channel Partner lists, (ii) the use of its name in iPass’ quarterly earnings announcement, and (iii) on the iPass website in order to assist potentialEnd Users with locating an authorized iPass reseller. Channel Partners agrees to be a reference for iPass, upon iPass’ reasonable request.Channel Partner will not issue any press release or other public communication related to this Agreement or Channel Partner’s status as an iPassreseller without prior approval of the content by iPass. Channel Partner shall give iPass a reasonable amount of time to review and approve materialdistributed publicly. If iPass provides edits to content about iPass products, services, technology or any other content related to the iPassbusiness, Channel Partner will incorporate those changes into the final document.5.INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY5.1 Channel Partner acknowledges that all iPass intellectual property referenced herein contains the valuable trade secrets of iPass, andChannel Partner agrees not to cause or permit the reverse engineering, translation, disassembly, or decompilation of the intellectual property, orotherwise to attempt to derive the source code thereof, whether in whole or in part. Channel Partner will not use, reproduce, modify, preparederivative works of, distribute, sublicense, loan, sell, or otherwise transfer any such iPass intellectual property except as expressly permitted herein.5.2 As between the parties, iPass and/or its suppliers will retain all title, copyright and other proprietary and intellectual property rights inand to the Service, the Server Software and Licensed Software, and any other technology, services, or materials that iPass may provide to ChannelPartner hereunder. All rights in and to the foregoing not expressly granted to Channel Partner in this Agreement are reserved to iPass and itssuppliers. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no right to or license in the source code for the Licensed Software orServer Software is granted hereunder. Channel Partner will not obfuscate, alter, or remove any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notice orlegend on or in the Licensed Software or Documentation and will include all such markings in all copies of such materials.iPass Channel Partner Reseller Agreement04.18.2018 iPass Confidential[] Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked bybrackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.Source: IPASS INC, 8-K, 12/3/20186.WARRANTY.6.1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. iPASS AND ALL iPASS SUPPLIERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES,CONDITIONS, AND REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY,INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OFMERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NEITHER iPASS NOR ANY iPASS SUPPLIER WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANYTHIRD-PARTY NETWORK FAILURE. iPASS AND ITS SUPPLIERS SPECIFICALLY DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL MEETCHANNEL PARTNER’S OR END USER REQUIREMENTS, WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, ERROR FREE, AVAILABLE ON ASPECIFIED DATE OR TIME OR WILL HAVE THE CAPACITY TO MEET CHANNEL PARTNER’S OR END USER DEMAND DURING SPECIFICHOURS. CHANNEL PARTNER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS NOT ENTERED INTO THIS AGREEMENT IN RELIANCE UPON ANYWARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION.6.2 iPass Warranty of Title. iPass has requisite title, permits, licenses and authority to grant Channel Partner the rights and licensesreferenced herein.6.3 No Pass-Through Warranty. Channel Partner shall make no representations or warranties concerning the Licensed Software or theServices on behalf of iPass or any iPass supplier.6.4 Channel Partner Warranty. Channel Partner agrees that the quality of its products and services to be provided in connection with anyof the iPass Marks will be substantially the same as the quality of such other Channel Partner products and services and shall otherwise comportwith industry standards and in the event of breach of this Section 6.4, Channel Partner shall take prompt and urgent actions to remediate thebreach.7.CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.7.1 For purposes of this Section 7, the “Disclosing Party” shall be the party which discloses Confidential Information and the “ReceivingParty” shall be the party that receives the Confidential Information. The following is not considered Confidential Information: (i) information whichthe Receiving Party is authorized in writing by the Disclosing Party to use without restriction; (ii) information rightfully in the Receiving Party’spossession or known to it without the duty of confidentiality prior to receipt of such information from the Disclosing Party; (iii) information whichis rightfully disclosed to the Receiving Party by a third party, having proper possession of such information, without the duty of confidentiality;(iv) information which properly enters the public domain; or (v) information which is independently developed by the Receiving Party withoutreference to the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information.7.2 The Receiving Party shall use the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information only for the purpose set forth in the Agreement, and shallcause its Users to keep Confidential Information confidential, sharing it on a “need-to-know” basis only. The Receiving Party may discloseConfidential Information in connection with a judicial or administrative proceedings to the extent such disclosure is required under law or a courtorder, provided that the Disclosing Party shall be given prompt written notice of such proceeding. Upon termination of this Agreement orDisclosing Party’s request, Receiving Party shall return and at Disclosing Party’s option, destroy any and all Confidential Information exchangedunder this Agreement.7.3 In addition to any other remedies, the Disclosing Party shall be entitled to seek equitable relief.7.4 For Confidential Information pertaining to the Licensed Software, the obligations set forth in this Section 7 are indefinite. For all otherConfidential Information, such obligations shall continue for five (5) years from the date of initial disclosure.iPass Channel Partner Reseller Agreement04.18.2018 iPass Confidential[] Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked bybrackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.Source: IPASS INC, 8-K, 12/3/20188.INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS.8.1 By iPass. iPass agrees to indemnify Channel Partner or, at its option, settle, any third party claims that the Licensed Software orServices provided under this Agreement infringes a copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property right. If the LicensedSoftware or Service becomes, or in iPass’ opinion is likely to become, the subject of an infringement claim, iPass may, at its option and expense,either: (a) procure for Channel Partner the right to continue using the affected Licensed Software or Service;(b) replace or modify the LicensedSoftware or Service so that it becomes non-infringing; (c) accept return of the Licensed Software; or (d) terminate the Services. iPass shall have noliability under this Section 8.1 if: (i) the allegation of infringement is a result of a modification of the Licensed Software or Services; (ii) if theLicensed Software or Services is not being used in accordance with the Documentation; (iii) if the Licensed Software is no longer supported byiPass; (iv) if the alleged infringement could be avoided or otherwise eliminated by the use of an published Update; or (v) if the alleged infringementis a result of use of the Licensed Software or Services with any non-iPass supplied third party product or software. This indemnification does notinclude and/or apply to Internet connectivity or Internet access services.8.2 By Channel Partner. Channel Partner agrees to indemnify iPass or, at its option, settle, any third party claims against iPass arising fromor relating to Channel Partner’s: (a) infringement of a copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity orprivacy; (b) violation of iPass’ acceptable use policy, or (c) a violation of this Agreement.8.3 Mechanics of Indemnity. The above indemnification obligations are contingent upon: (i) the indemnified party providing prompt writtennotice to the other party of any such claims and assistance in the defense thereof; (ii) the party indemnifying has sole right to control the defenseor settlement of any such claim, provided that the settlement does not require a payment or admission of liability on the part of the indemnifiedparty; and (iii) that indemnified party does not take any actions or refrain from taking actions that hinder the defense or settlement process asreasonably directed by the party indemnifying the other party.8.4 SECTION 8 STATES THE ENTIRE LIABILITY AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTUAL ORALLEGED THIRD PARTY CLAIMS ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.9.LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY.9.1 DIRECT DAMAGES. EACH PARTY’S MAXIMUM LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES CAUSED BY ITS FAILURE TO PERFORM ITSOBLIGATIONS UNDER THE AGREEMENT IS LIMITED TO: (A) PROVEN DIRECT DAMAGES FOR CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF PERSONALINJURY OR DEATH, OR DAMAGE TO TANGIBLE PROPERTY CAUSED BY THE PARTY’S NEGLIGENT OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT; AND (B)PROVEN DIRECT DAMAGES FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATING TO THISAGREEMENT OR THE LICENSED SOFTWARE OR SERVICES, NOT TO EXCEED AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO THE AMOUNT OF FEESACTUALLY PAID BY CHANNEL PARTNER TO IPASS DURING THE SIX (6) MONTHS PRECEDING THE FIRST EVENT GIVING RISE TO SUCHLIABILITY. ALL CLAIMS AGAINST THE PARTIES WILL BE AGGREGATED TO DETERMINE SATISFACTION OF THIS LIMIT, AND MULTIPLECLAIMS WILL NOT ENLARGE THE LIMIT.9.2 CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY,PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OF THELICENSED SOFTWARE, THE SERVICES OR DOCUMENTATION, WHETHER FROM BREACH OF CONTRACT OR WARRANTY, FROMNEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OFSUCH DAMAGES.iPass Channel Partner Reseller Agreement04.18.2018 iPass Confidential[] Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked bybrackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.Source: IPASS INC, 8-K, 12/3/20189.3 EXCLUSIONS. CHANNEL PARTNER’S PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS, LIABILITY FOR EARLY TERMINATION FEES OR CHARGES,BREACHES OF CONFIDENTIALITY BY EITHER PARTY, MISAPPROPRIATION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF THE OTHER PARTY,AND THE PARTIES’ INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT ARE EXCLUDED FROM THESE LIMITATIONS OFLIABILITY.10.TERM AND TERMINATION10.1 Term. This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of twelve (12) full calendar months(“Initial Term”). The Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one (1) year terms (each a “Renewal Term”) unless either party providesthe other party written notification of its intent to terminate the Agreement no later than sixty (60) days prior to the end of the then applicable term.Except in instances of termination of this Agreement in accordance with Sections 10.2 and 10.3 below, this Agreement shall continue, even ifterminated, until the expiration of the last Business Entity Term.10.2 Termination for Breach. If either party materially breaches this Agreement or terms or conditions within this Agreement, and suchbreach is not cured within thirty (30) days after written notice is given to the breaching party, then the other party may, by giving written notice tothe breaching party, terminate this Agreement as of the end of such thirty (30) day notice period or such later date as is specified in such notice oftermination10.3 Termination in the Event of a Bankruptcy. If a party becomes insolvent or if bankruptcy or receivership proceedings are initiated byor against a party to this Agreement other than for the purposes of solvent reconstruction, the other party shall have the right to terminate thisAgreement immediately for cause.10.4 Economic Hardship. If iPass provides evidence that this Agreement is directly causing material financial losses (“EconomicHardship”) to iPass, the Parties will work together to address and remedy such Economic Hardship. Should the Parties fail to reach a mutuallyagreeable solution within thirty (30) days after initial written notice to the Partner, iPass may terminate this agreement with ten (10) business days’written notice. In the event of such termination, Customer will only be liable for costs of current utilized subscriptions up to the time of thetermination of the agreement.10.5 Effects of Termination. Upon termination for reasons other than material breach by iPass, all fees and expenses (including but notlimited to any minimum monthly commitments) to be paid by Channel Partner to iPass shall become due and payable immediately. All fees are non-cancellable and non-refundable. Termination of an order shall not terminate any other order or this Agreement absent a proactive termination of thisAgreement in accordance with the applicable termination provisions herein. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, the order forms andthe all licenses granted in the Agreement will immediately terminate, Channel Partner will immediately remove the Licensed Software andDocumentation from its servers, return or destroy all Licensed Software and Documentation in its possession, and each party will return or destroyall copies of the other party’s Confidential Information. Sections 3.4, 3.6, 6.1, 6.3, 7, 8.2, 8.3, 9, 12 and Exhibit A any terms of an Exhibit that should byits nature survive expiration or termination of this Agreement will survive.11.PRIVACY11.1 Any information that iPass collects from End Users, or that is made available by End Users to iPass hereunder, is subject to iPass’privacy policy located at http://www.ipass.com/privacy-policy/. This policy is expressly incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement. TheParties further agree that iPass may use End User emails to directly contact End Users for service support and updates. This is limited to providingassistance with service sign up, credential retrieval, troubleshooting network connectivity or application use, informational updates about hotspotadditions/changes or planned outages (maintenance).iPass Channel Partner Reseller Agreement04.18.2018 iPass Confidential[] Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked bybrackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.Source: IPASS INC, 8-K, 12/3/201812.GENERAL TERMS12.1 Neither party will be liable to the other for failure to fulfill its obligations caused by circumstances beyond its reasonable control. Suchcircumstances will include without limitation acts of God, strikes, lockouts, riots, terrorist attacks, acts of war, epidemics, civil disturbance, fire,communication line failures, power failures, earthquakes, floods or other natural disasters. In such event, the obligations of the parties (excludingpayment obligations) will be temporarily suspended to such extent reasonable under the circumstances.12.2 The relationship between the parties is that of independent contractors.12.3 Channel Partner may not assign the Agreement, the use of any Licensed Software or Services or its rights and obligations under theAgreement without the prior written consent of iPass. Any such assignment is void. The Agreement shall be binding on the parties and all of theirrespective successors and assigns.12.4 Any notices required or permitted hereunder will be given to the attention of the Legal Department at the address specified as theprincipal place of business of each company or at such other address as the parties specify in writing. Notice will be deemed given: upon personaldelivery; if sent by confirmed facsimile, upon confirmation of receipt; if sent by overnight courier, upon receipt; or, if sent by certified or registeredmail, postage prepaid, three (3) days after the date of mailing. Notwithstanding, all Business Entity notifications, including termination notifications,must be submitted though the iPass Portal.12.5 If any provision of the Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable by any court or other competent tribunal then theremaining provisions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.12.6 The laws of California shall govern the construction and enforceability of the Agreement. The parties agree that any action arisingunder or relating to the Agreement or the Licensed Software or Services shall lie within the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts located in San MateoCounty, California, USA. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply to the Agreement.12.7 A person who is not a party to the Agreement has no rights to enforce any term of the Agreement but this does not affect any right orremedy of a third party which exists or is available under applicable law.12.8 Channel Partner will comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including privacy, data protection, and exportation, regarding itsactivities related to this Agreement.12.9 Channel Partner may not export or re-export the Licensed Software, any part thereof, to any country, person or entity subject to U.S.export restrictions. Channel Partner agrees not to export or re-export the Licensed Software: (i) to any country to which the U.S. has embargoed orrestricted the export of goods or services, or to any national of any such country; (ii) wherever Channel Partner knows or has reason to know thatthe Licensed Software will be utilized in the design, development or production of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons; or (iii) to any entity whoChannel Partner knows or has reason to know has been prohibited from participating in U.S. export transactions by any federal agency of the U.S.government.iPass Channel Partner Reseller Agreement04.18.2018 iPass Confidential[] Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked bybrackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.Source: IPASS INC, 8-K, 12/3/201812.10 Channel Partner represents that: (i) it is duly authorized to provide personal data to iPass; (ii) iPass, its affiliates and itssubcontractors can process such data, and (iii) iPass may disclose such data to any affiliate and subcontractor for the purpose of: (a) providingLicensed Software and Services under the Agreement; (b) administering the Agreement; and/or (c) providing marketing and/or product informationto Channel Partner through any medium including email. The Parties further agree that iPass may use End User emails to directly contact End Usersfor service support and updates. This is limited to providing assistance with service sign up, credential retrieval, troubleshooting networkconnectivity or application use, informational updates about hotspot additions/changes or planned outages (maintenance).12.11 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning the parties with regard to the Licensed Softwareand Services provided hereunder. All purchase orders, prior agreements, proposals, representations and other understandings whether oral orwritten, are superseded in their entirety by this Agreement and any applicable order forms. A purchase order may not be used as an order form, andany pre-printed terms on any Channel Partner generated purchase order shall not apply. No alteration or modification of the Agreement will be validunless made in writing and signed by the parties. In the event of a conflict between the Agreement and any terms and conditions in any other orderform, the terms of this Agreement will control unless otherwise expressly stated. The person signing this Agreement represents that he/she is dulyauthorized to bind the company to the terms and conditions herein.12.12 Without limiting any of the terms and conditions contained herein, Channel Partner will make available to iPass certain services inexchange for the fees and subject at all times to the terms and conditions referenced in Exhibit G, as same may be updated and amended from timeto time.iPass Channel Partner Reseller Agreement04.18.2018 iPass Confidential[] Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked bybrackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.Source: IPASS INC, 8-K, 12/3/2018EXHIBIT ADEFINITIONS“Access Point” means Internet access points to which a User connects via the Client Software.“Affiliate” means any entity which is controlled by, controls or is under common control with Channel Partner. For the purposes of this definition,control shall mean ownership of at least fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding voting equity interest. Channel Partner may appoint an Affiliate toperform resale services hereunder with written consent of iPass and in accordance with any iPass mandated contractual commitments andcontractual documents.“Agreement” means this Channel Partner Reseller Agreement, including the Exhibits attached hereto, and orders placed pursuant to thisAgreement. For clarity, each order constitutes a separate and distinct order for iPass Software and/or Services, and thus each order constitutes aseparate contractual commitment. Each order incorporates the terms and conditions set forth herein.“Business Entity” means a corporation, partnership, or enterprise that acquires Services from Channel Partner for use by its employees andcontractors. A Business Entity is not authorized to resell the Services to any third parties.11. “Business Entity Minimum Monthly Commitment” means, for each Business Entity, a minimum monthly commitment of at least 250 Users, byChannel Partner for each Business Entity. iPass shall invoice Channel Partner on a monthly basis, the agreed upon price for the Services as set forthherein. If Channel Partner’s total invoiced amount for the Services, for each Business Entity is less than the amount for the number of Users for theBusiness Entity’s Minimum Monthly Commitment, iPass will invoice and Channel Partner will pay to iPass, the shortfall difference between theactual amount paid by Channel Partner to iPass and the amount for the number of Users for the Business Entity Minimum Monthly Commitment.“Business Entity Term” means, for each Business Entity, a period beginning at the beginning of the Business Entity Implementation Period andending no less than twelve (12) months following the expiration of the Business Entity Implementation Period, as indicated in the order placed byChannel Partner for such Business Entity. Every Business Entity Term automatically renews for a period of no less than 12 months, unlessotherwise agreed to in writing between the parties.“Certified iPass Engineer” means an employee of Channel Partner who has attended one RoamServer training session and successfully completedthe following on-line training modules: iPass Orientation, Product Training, Technology Training, and Competitive Training. Successful completionmeans achieving a passing result on the on-line tests after each module.“Certified Help Desk Agent” means an employee of Channel Partner who has attended one RoamServer training session, one Help Desk trainingsession, and one Broadband Support training session.“Certified Trained Sales Personnel” means an employee of Channel Partner who has successfully completed the following on-line trainingmodules: iPass Orientation, Product Training, Technology Training, Competitive Training, and Sales Training. Successful completion meansachieving a passing result on the on-line tests after each module.“Client Software” means the machine executable version(s) of the client software code, including any Updates thereto, that iPass provides ChannelPartner hereunder to enable Channel Partner’s End Users to use the Service. The Client Software currently consists of iPass’ Open Mobile softwareas well as the iPassConnect software."Confidential Information" means information maintained in confidence by a party, and which is marked as such, or information whether written ororal that by its nature would be to a reasonable person under the circumstances understood to be confidential or proprietary information of a partyincluding but not limited to iPass’ Software, Documentation, and the parties’ product development and marketing plans, business methods andnon-public financial and personnel dat“Device” means any machine, computer, smartphone or similar User apparatus on which Channel Partner or a Business Entity has installed theClient Software.“Documentation” means the standard published technical user manuals provided by iPass.iPass Channel Partner Reseller Agreement04.18.2018 iPass Confidential[] Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked bybrackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.Source: IPASS INC, 8-K, 12/3/2018“Effective Date” means the date of last signature on this Agreement.“Enabled Devices” mean any device with the Channel Partner’s app (iOS, Android, PC or Mac) which is enabled by Channel Partner to access theiPass services and also registered and enabled, by the Channel Partner to access Channel Partner’s services.“End Users” or “User” means is any person who has an eligible subscriber ID that allows them to access the iPass Services and iPass Network.“End User Agreement” means a written agreement between Channel Partner and a Business Entity or an End User, containing terms and conditionsat least as protective of iPass and its suppliers as the terms and conditions set forth in Exhibit E.“iPass Hosted Authentication Service” means a hosted, managed authentication service available within the iPass Portal and hosted by iPass.“iPass Portal” means the secure website accessible through http://www.ipass.com/ where Channel Partner may obtain information about iPassServices, including invoice, billing, ordering and account information, and submit technical support requests.“iPass Web Content” means the information and other materials/content provided to Channel Partner to use in developing Channel Partner’s website(s) or web pages to explain, promote and support the Service.“Licensed Software” “Software” means the Client Software and the Server Software and any Updates to the Client Software and the ServerSoftware (if any).“Mobile Network” or “iPass Network” means iPass’ multi-technology mobile access network which includes mobile broadband, Wi-Fi and Ethernetservices. The iPass Network is subject to change by iPass upon notice to Partner, on condition that such changes do not materially degrade thenetwork. The iPass Network does not include certain Wi-Fi services that are subject to supplier enforced restrictions. In addition, if any country issubject to a US embargo or other export restriction, it will not be deemed included in the foregoing list, the iPass Network will not be available fromsuch country, and Customer agrees not to use the Licensed Software or the iPass Network in such country..“Services” means the services and software provided by iPass as more fully described in Exhibit B attached hereto which allow access to the iPassNetwork.“Term” means the duration of the Agreement.“Update” means any bug fixes, patches or software updates for error corrections which iPass makes available to Channel Partner under thisAgreement.iPass Channel Partner Reseller Agreement04.18.2018 iPass Confidential[] Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked bybrackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.Source: IPASS INC, 8-K, 12/3/2018EXHIBIT BIPASS SERVICESiPass Services includes the following services:iPass Mobile Services are delivered to End Users through a cloud-based platform (the “Platform”) comprising software elements on the mobiledevice and available over the Internet. iPass Platform gives control over the definition and management of mobility services configured to acarrier’s specific needs. This architecture gives an End User choice in access services and serves as a bridge to future functionality through use ofextensible web services standards, while keeping the operational and financial burden on carriers low by not requiring them to purchase, deployand manage on-premises infrastructure.iPass Platform is designed to provide Customer with reliability, flexibility, network security, policy enforcement, consolidated billing andscalability.The technology consists of the following principal components:i.Foundation Services. Provide the basic capabilities needed for a cloud-based platform, including the ability to manage users (add, remove, orchange rights), authenticate users to access the platform, authorize access to particular functions, or track and audit use of the platform.ii.Operational Services. Are built on top of the iPass Foundation Services platform, enabling Customer to operate the various iPass market-facing offers, including user profile/configuration management, network directory management, account management, order management,usage management, support, billing and training.iii.Presentation Services. Impact how information is presented to users of the Platform, usually through a web based portal. Presentation Servicesinclude web presentation, data validation, access control (controlling who can see and enter what), and web analytics.iv.Client Services. Provide the core update functionality within the Platform, with the ability to update the iPass Client Software, configurationfiles, and network registries associated with it, and to receive the data that the client collects.v.Curation Services. Ability of iPass platform to collect information about Open Networks and be able to decode the hotspot information andautomate steps to connect to that Network.vi.High-Availability and Scalable Authentication Architecture. iPass relationships with network service providers enables iPass to provideconnectivity through multiple networks in over 100 countries on the Platform. As a result, the cloud-based Platform reduces the risk of serviceinterruptions associated with depending on only one service provider. Furthermore, iPass geographically distributed transaction centers actas a unified and fault-tolerant system that provides scalable and highly-available user authentication and quality management informationcollection. Each point in the authentication process is designed with built-in redundancy and fail-over capabilities.iPass Channel Partner Reseller Agreement04.18.2018 iPass Confidential[] Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked bybrackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.Source: IPASS INC, 8-K, 12/3/2018EXHIBIT CSERVICE FEES1.Pricing. For each Business Entity where UTLD Pricing is elected, Channel Partner shall pay the fees based on the elected Business Entity UserBase Package designated by Channel Partner for each order. The fees include the (i) use of the Mobility Management Services; (ii) unlimitediPass network access (except for certain premium in-flight Wi-Fi Services); and (iii) iPass Hosted Authentication Service. Additionally, noBusiness Entity Start Up Service Fees will be applied to new Business Entities electing the ULTD Pricing option.The fees for ULTD Pricing are defined in Table 1 below. The prices in Table 1 represent the transfer pricing from iPass to Channel Partner forULTD Pricing. No further discounts are applied to this pricing.TABLE 1Business EntityCommitted UsersMonthly Fee/UserMinimumMonthly Fee[][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][]2.Channel Partner shall be charged a maximum rate of [] per User (“Special Pricing”) for all Business Entities signed up by Channel Partnerduring the first three (3) full calendar months following the Effective Date (“Introductory Period”). The “Special Pricing” is contingent on aminimum order size of [] users. Following twelve months after the month, during the Introductory Period, a Business Entity was signed,each Business Entity will be charged according to Table 1 above.By way of example and for clarity: For a Business Entity order placed in the first month following the Effective Date and with [] Users,Channel Partner would be invoiced at [] per User per month from the first month following the Business Entity order and twelve (12)months thereafter. After the first twelve months, and thereafter, Channel Partner will be charged for [] Users at the rate of [] per User permonth, pursuant to Table 1 above.iPass Channel Partner Reseller Agreement04.18.2018 iPass Confidential[] Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked bybrackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.Source: IPASS INC, 8-K, 12/3/2018EXHIBIT DCUSTOMIZED SERVICES AND SUPPORT1. SOFTWARE INSTALLATION SUPPORT. iPass personnel will work remotely with Channel Partner to assist the Channel Partner in the installation of theServer Software on Channel Partner’s systems. iPass will provide the services indicated in Table 1 below in order to assist Channel Partner withimplementation of Service for use by Channel Partner and End Users.Table 1-Start Up ServicesServiceAccess to iPass’ expanding global network Automatic Phonebook updates Automatic Open Mobile updates RoamServer software updates Monthly Statement and Call Detail Records (CDRs) Help desk and deployment materials Monitoring for authentication failures Customized Open Mobile Client Software1Authentication realms (domains)1Technical Training Curriculum1 Web-based sessionSales and Marketing Training Curriculum1 Web-based sessionParticipation in open web conference training sessions scheduled by iPass Seats per year in open regional training scheduled by iPass4Access to self-paced training materials on iPass training portal 2. TECHNICAL SUPPORT2.1 Definitions. Any capitalized terms used herein and not defined below are defined in the Agreement.(a) “First Level Technical Support” means taking End User calls, getting complete information from End Users regarding problemsexperienced by such End Users, testing the End User name and password, eliminating common End User errors, checking the network status pageand escalating unresolved issues with written documentation detailing steps taken prior to escalation.(b) “Second Level Technical Support” means providing assistance to First Level Technical Support help desk for issues that cannot beresolved through First Level Technical Support.(c) “Third Level Technical Support” means providing technical assistance to Channel Partner’s authorized Second Level TechnicalSupport personnel for technical issues that cannot be resolved by Second Level Technical Support.2.2 First Level Technical Support and Second Level Technical Support. Channel Partner or Business Entity will be responsible for providingits End Users First Level Technical Support. Channel Partner will be responsible for providing End Users Second Level Technical Support. SecondLevel Technical Support personnel who have received training regarding the Service and the Software from iPass pursuant to Section 2 of theAgreement will be authorized to contact the applicable Third Level Technical Support centers at iPass to resolve any problems that cannot beresolved by First Level Technical Support or Second Level Technical Support. Channel Partner may change its authorized contacts for Third LevelTechnical Support at any time upon written notice to iPass so long as any new authorized contacts have completed the requisite iPass training.2.3 Third Level Technical Support. iPass will provide Channel Partner with Third Level Technical Support in accordance with iPass standardprocedures. iPass will only be obligated to provide Third Level Technical Support for the Software if Channel Partner has installed all Updatesreleased by iPass which fix errors in the Software in accordance with Section 2.4 below. Channel Partner must have its password and id available inorder to access and submit a request, absent which iPass will have no obligation to provide Channel Partner with Third Level Technical Support.iPass Channel Partner Reseller Agreement04.18.2018 iPass Confidential[] Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked bybrackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.Source: IPASS INC, 8-K, 12/3/20182.4 Software Updates. iPass will notify Channel Partner regarding the availability of Updates and make any applicable Updates available toChannel Partner free of charge through the iPass portal and/or automatic downloads. Unless an Update has been delivered to Channel Partner as apatch to correct an urgent problem (in which case distribution to End Users will be immediate upon receipt), Channel Partner will distribute to itsEnd Users all Updates within thirty (30) days of such Update being made available to Channel Partner. Failure to implement Updates may subjectChannel Partner to various fees, including end of life fees, in iPass’ sole discretion. Further iPass may implement end of life fees upon reasonablenotice to Channel Partner.2.5 Requested Changes. Should Channel Partner desire that any changes be made to the Software or implemented in the Service, ChannelPartner may submit a written request to iPass detailing the nature of the requested change. iPass agrees to analyze such proposed changes in goodfaith and respond in writing detailing the feasibility, expense, and anticipated schedule for implementing such change; provided that nothinghereunder obligates iPass to agree to make such change. Should the parties so agree in writing, iPass will make such change to the Software or theService in accordance with the terms mutually agreed upon by the parties.3. TRAINING. iPass will perform training services as agreed upon by the parties and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.4. SERVICE LEVELS AND ESCALATIONS4.1 Additional Definitions.“Availability” means End Users having access to, full functionality and usage of the service.“Service Levels” means the minimum service levels to be achieved by iPass in relation to iPass’ performance of its obligations as setout herein.“Severity Level” means the impact of or nature of a problem as set forth herein.“Response” means the iPass acknowledgment of its receipt of a Trouble Report from Channel Partner.4.2 iPass Support Services. iPass will provide Help Desk to Help Desk support to Channel Partner on components of the iPass Service e.g.the iPass Open Mobile Portal, Hosted Authentication Infrastructure.4.3 Support Process The following support process shall be followed by the Channel Partner HELPDESK to report or escalate issues to theiPass Support Teams:a.Issue Identified to Customer Help Desk(i)The End User contacts the Channel Partner Help Desk.(ii) Channel Partner Helpdesk follows troubleshooting guide and reviews information in the iPass online knowledge base(help.ipass.com) and determines if internal resources can resolve the issue.(iii) If internal resources cannot resolve the issue, then Channel Partner Help Desk contacts iPass Customer Care via web-basedsupport request.b.Entering a web-based Support Request(i)Access the Portal via url: https://openmobile.ipass.com(ii) Enter your username and password and click login.(iii) Access is available on the Dashboard tab.(iv) Click on the “Manage Tickets” link.(v) On the “Cases” tab select the “Create New Case” button or dropdown link(vi) Enter the appropriate information as required.Channel Partner Helpdesk shall provide call-back details (contact name and phone number) in all web-based support requests.iPass Channel Partner Reseller Agreement04.18.2018 iPass Confidential[] Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked bybrackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.Source: IPASS INC, 8-K, 12/3/2018c.Ticket RequirementsAt a minimum all Severity One and Severity Two problem reports shall contain the following in order to expedite investigation andverification of the problem:(i)Username and Description of observed behavior.(ii)Debug Logs if available.(iii)Steps to reproduce.(iv)Operating environment (Operating system, language, software version, profile number and hardware, as applicable.)(v)Dates / times of transaction failures.(vi)Name of network attempted.iPass may request additional information for verification of a reported problem as necessary.d.Customer Care HotlineFor Severity One issues, iPass recommends that opening a web-based support request be followed by a phone call to iPass at one of thefollowing Severity One Customer Care numbers:Inside the United States:1-877-464-7277Outside the United States:1 650-232-4300Dialing within Europe:44 20 7010 8344Phone numbers are available 24 hours a day, 7 seven days a week.Please note that in order to safeguard customers against unauthorized service activity, iPass will require that callers authenticate theircredentials via the web based ticketing system prior to any action by iPass.All change requests MUST be in writing.In order to ensure that tickets are handled in order of receipt, by priority, calls of a nature which are not Severity One will be ticketed andplaced in queue to be handled in order of receipt, by severity.4.4 Service Levels(a) Support Request Response - For each Severity Level, iPass shall provide the following response Service Levels:For Channel Partner Helpdesk Support Requests submitted in accordance with the process defined herein.Problem SeverityResponse Service LevelSeverity OneTargeted Response Time: Issues will receive a response from iPass within fifteen (15) minutes (1 hour on weekendsand local public holidays) after submitting a Severity One support case followed by a phone call to iPass. Please noteSeverity One issues reported via a support case only will be responded to within 1 hour.Severity TwoTargeted Response Time: Issues will receive a response from iPass within 8 hours of receipt of the request (exceptweekends and local public holidays.)Severity ThreeTargeted Response Time: Issues will receive a response from iPass within 12 hours of receipt of the request (exceptweekends and local public holidays.)(b) Problem Verification. iPass and Channel Partner will make reasonable efforts to verify any reported problem as soon as it is reported aswell as any follow-up information that may be required.(c) Update Intervals. iPass will make reasonable efforts to keep Channel Partner’s Second Level Technical Support personnel informed ofthe latest status on any problem submitted. In the event Channel Partner’s Second Level Technical Support personnel requires more frequentupdates, then these will be discussed and mutually agreed upon and will depend on the severity and complexity of the problem.iPass Channel Partner Reseller Agreement04.18.2018 iPass Confidential[] Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked bybrackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.Source: IPASS INC, 8-K, 12/3/2018(d) Severity Reclassification. To ensure that severe problems receive highest priority, iPass may modify a ticket submitted as Severity Oneissue if it clearly does not meet the criteria for Severity One.4.5 iPass Support Escalation Process(a) When to Escalate an Issue(i)If iPass fails to respond within the prescribed service level response time, the Channel Partner Help Desk is encouraged to escalatethe issue to the Escalation Contact in the respective time zone (see escalation contacts below.)(ii) If the iPass Customer Care Representative and the Channel Partner Help Desk cannot agree on an action plan to resolve an issue(Severity One, Two or Three), then the iPass Customer Care Representative and the Channel Partner Help Desk are encouraged toescalate the issue to the Director of Customer Care.(iii) Once a plan has been agreed, iPass will work to resolve the issue. If the Channel Partner Help Desk is not satisfied with theprogress that is being made to resolve an issue, they are encouraged to contact the Director of Customer Care.(b) How to Escalate an Issue(i)All escalations should be in writing (to the e-mail address listed below) or by phone followed up with a summary from ChannelPartner ’s Help Desk.(ii) Written documentation should outline the original issue and progress to date. It should also include impact to the customer andreason for the escalation.(c) Response to Escalation(i)The Director of Customer Care will respond upon receipt to any escalations.(ii) Escalations will take priority over any issue of the same severity level.Customer Care Escalation ContactLocation/Time ZoneLondon, UK (GMT)Regional ContactRichard Sabbartonemailrsabbartonipass.comOffice Phone44 20 7010 8319Location/Time ZoneRedwood Shores, US (PST)Regional ContactSaritha Padubidriemailspadubidipass.comOffice Phone 1 650 232 4127Location/Time ZoneBangalore, IN (IST)Regional ContactSujith Varijakshanemailsvarijakshanipass.comOffice Phone91 80 41380976ESCALATION Manager Director of SupportEscalation ManagerAlan Ridgewellemailaridgewellipass.comOffice Phone44 20 7010 8304iPass Channel Partner Reseller Agreement04.18.2018 iPass Confidential[] Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked bybrackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.Source: IPASS INC, 8-K, 12/3/2018EXHIBIT EMINIMUM END USER TERMSChannel Partner when used herein has the same meaning as in the Agreement. Channel Partner should change the word “Channel Partner”herein to its name when drafting End User agreements. “You” referred to herein refers to the End User(s). iPass as referenced herein shall meaniPass Inc. Capitalized terms used herein shall have the same meaning ascribed to them in the Agreement.1. By its very nature, the Internet contains offensive and/or harmful material, in some cases under descriptions that have been mislabeled or areotherwise deceptive. Neither Channel Partner, iPass nor their suppliers shall be responsible for any damages suffered by any person as a result ofobtaining Internet access. Access to the Internet is provided solely on an “AS IS” basis. Neither Channel Partner, iPass, nor its suppliers warrant,nor do they assume responsibility for, any consequences suffered by any person as a result of Internet access including, without limitation, thosesuffered as a result of accessing Internet information and content, such as, by way of example only, the possibility of contracting computer viruses,accessing information with offensive, inaccurate or inappropriate content. Channel Partner, iPass and its suppliers exercise no control whatsoeverover the content of the information passing through their systems.2. You agree to be bound by the usage policies of iPass including, by way of example, its Privacy Policy. You acknowledge and agree that iPassmay disclose your usage data to Channel Partner and other third parties as detailed in iPass Privacy Policy (see http:www.ipass.com). You acceptthat certain uses of your data are necessary to enable provision of the Services to you and accordingly that if you withdraw your consent for iPassto use your data as is detailed in its Privacy Policy the supply of the Service to you may have to be terminated. You acknowledge and agree that allEnd Users must exercise their own due diligence before relying on any information available on the Internet, and must determine that they have allnecessary rights to copy, publish or otherwise distribute any such information available on the Internet under copyright and other applicable laws.3. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING ELSE IN THIS AGREEMENT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, AND CHANNEL PARTNER, IPASS AND THEIR SUPPLIERSDISCLAIM AND MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AND THERE ARE NO CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS,IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF NON-INTERFERENCE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESSFOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, OR ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. YOU ASSUME ALLRESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR USE OF SERVICES. ANY STATEMENTS MADE IN ANY PACKAGING, MANUALS, WRITTEN ORELECTRONIC DOCUMENTS, OR BY ANY CHANNEL PARTNER OR IPASS EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES, OR AGENTS, ARE PROVIDEDFOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND NOT AS REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. CHANNEL PARTNER, IPASSAND THEIR SUPPLIERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR FREE, OR FREE FROM SERVICEDEGRADATION, OR THAT ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, OR OTHER MATERIAL ACCESSIBLE ON THE SERVICES ARE FREE FROMVIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES, OR OTHER CODE THAT MANIFESTS CONTAMINATING, INTERFERING, OR DESTRUCTIVEPROPERTIES. CHANNEL PARTNER, IPASS AND THEIR SUUPLIERS CANNOT AND DO NOT GUARANTEE THE SECURITY OR INTEGRITY OFDATA TRANSMISSION OR STORAGE, OR THAT VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES, OR OTHER CODE THAT MANIFESTSCONTAMINATING OR DESTRUCTIVE PROPERTIES WILL BE DETECTED OR REMEDIATED BY SERVICES. SERVICES ARE ONLY AVAILABLEWITHIN THE COVERAGE AREA OF THE IPASS NETWORK, WHICH IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT SERVICES MAYBE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE FOR MAINTENANCE, EQUIPMENT MODIFICATIONS, OR UPGRADES, AND FOR OTHER REASONSWITHIN AND WITHOUT THE DIRECT CONTROL OF IPASS.4. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL CHANNEL PARTNER, IPASS OR ITSSUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR FOR INTERRUPTED COMMUNICATIONS,LOST DATA OR LOST PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE.iPass Channel Partner Reseller Agreement04.18.2018 iPass Confidential[] Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked bybrackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.Source: IPASS INC, 8-K, 12/3/20185. You may not use the Services to take any actions or make any statements that, by way of example only: (a) infringe on any third party’scopyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy; (b) violate any applicable law, statute,ordinance or regulation (including without limitation those regarding export control); (c) are defamatory, trade libelous or unlawfully threatening; (d)are pornographic or obscene; (e) violate any laws regarding unfair competition, antidiscrimination or false advertising, (f) result in the distributionof viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, chain letters or other similar harmful or deleterious programming routines, or (g) result inthe unauthorized entry to any other machine accessible via the network. You may not use the Services to distribute any bulk unsolicited emails orotherwise cause an excessive or disproportionate load on Channel Partner’s, iPass’ or their suppliers’ infrastructure. Any access to other networksconnected to Channel Partner’s, iPass’ and its suppliers’ networks must comply with the rules appropriate for such networks. Violation of theforegoing may result in termination of access. Given the current regulatory and technical environment you should not have an expectation ofprivacy in your online activities6. iPass and its suppliers shall be deemed to be third-party beneficiaries of this agreement, with the right to enforce the terms of this agreement.You agree that this Agreement is expressly for the benefit of Channel Partner, iPass and its suppliers and may be enforced by them.7. You may not resell or redistribute any of the Services to any third parties.8. Subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, Channel Partner grants to you a royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limitedlicense right exercisable solely during the term of this agreement to: (1) reproduce, exactly as provided by Channel Partner, object code copies of theClient Software, as needed for distribution to your End Users the iPass Software; and to install and use the iPass Licensed Software. Youacknowledge that the Licensed Software contains the valuable information of iPass and its suppliers, and agree not to cause or permit themodification, reverse engineering, translation, disassembly, or decompilation of, or otherwise to attempt to derive the source code of such LicensedSoftware, whether in whole or in part (except to the extent permitted by applicable law). You will not obfuscate, alter or remove any copyright,trademark or other proprietary notice or legend on or in the Licensed Software and associated Documentation and will include all such markings inall copies of such materials.9. The Services may be suspended or terminated if you breach these terms. Any breach of these terms by your End Users shall be deemed abreach by you.10. This Agreement shall terminate upon termination of the agreement between Channel Partner and iPass.iPass Channel Partner Reseller Agreement04.18.2018 iPass Confidential[] Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked bybrackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.Source: IPASS INC, 8-K, 12/3/2018EXHIBIT FIPASS MARKSiPassiPass Open MobileTMiPass Open Mobile ExchangeTMiPass OMXTMiPass ULTDiPass Channel Partner Reseller Agreement04.18.2018 iPass Confidential[] Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked bybrackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.Source: IPASS INC, 8-K, 12/3/2018EXHIBIT GPARATEUM SERVICESSubject to the terms and conditions below, Channel Partner (Pareteum Corporation) will provide on a non-exclusive basis the followingservices to iPass for resale to iPass’ customers:Managed Services Platform and Global Cloud Mobility Platform (collectively, the “Pareteum Services”).Channel Partner (Pareteum Corporation) and iPass shall mutually agree upon the terms and conditions (which will include, without limitation,the scope and geography where the Pareteum Services may be resold, fees and support service and related user terms) upon the earlier to occur of:(i) iPass’ first proposed resale of the Pareteum Services to one of its customers; or (ii) within ninety (90) days from the Effective Date. Once theparties have mutually agreed upon the foregoing terms and conditions, the parties will amend this Exhibit G to reflect the terms by which iPass mayresell the Pareteum Services.iPass Channel Partner Reseller Agreement04.18.2018 iPass Confidential[] Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked bybrackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.Source: IPASS INC, 8-K, 12/3/2018