Confidential treatment has been requested for certain portions of this exhibit. Omitted portions have been filed separately with the Commission. SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT This Sponsorship Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of December18, 1998, by and between Ford Motor Media, a division of J. Walter Thompson("FMM") with offices at 300 Renaissance Center, Detroit, Michigan 48243 andiVillage, Inc., ("iVillage") with offices at 170 Fifth Avenue, New York, NewYork 10010. FMM and iVillage may be referred to generically as a "Party", orcollectively as "Parties". WHEREAS, iVillage operates a site on the World Wide Web and AmericaOnline (the "Network"), which contains channels including Parent Soup,ParentsPlace, Better Health and Armchair Millionaire as well as career, fitness beauty, relationships, work from home, travel, money and food channels. WHEREAS, FMM seeks to promote the sale of its automotive productsacross the Network. NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt andsufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, iVillage and FMM hereby agree asfollows:1. Term and Termination. A. Term. The initial production period shall be for a period of two (2)months to commence on November 4, 1998 (the "Production Period"), and theremaining term of this Agreement shall be for a period of twenty four (24)months to commence on the tentative launch date of January 4, 1999, unlessterminated earlier as provided herein (the "Promotion Period"), (The ProductionPeriod and the Promotion Period shall be collectively referred to as the"Initial Term"). The Parties agree that prior to July 1, 2000, iVillage willprovide FMM with the opportunity to renew this Agreement (the "Renewal Term") onterms set forth in a proposal (the "Proposal) to be presented to FMM. FMM shallindicate its acceptance or rejection of the Proposal no later than August 31,2000. If iVillage does not receive FMMs acceptance or rejection of the Proposalby August 31, 2000, iVillage may interpret FMMs non response as a rejection ofthe Proposal. The Proposal shall include maximum payment fees by FMM withrespect to the Renewal Term. B. Termination. In the event of a material breach by either Party ofany term of this Agreement, the non-breaching Party may terminate this Agreementby written notice to the breaching Party if the breaching Party fails to curesuch material breach within thirty (30) days of receipt of written noticethereof. In addition, either Party may terminate this Agreement effective uponwritten notice stating its intention to terminate in the event the other Party(i) ceases to function as a going concern or to conduct operations in the normalcourse of business, or (ii) has a petition filed by or against it under anystate or federal bankruptcy or insolvency law which petition has not beendismissed or set aside within sixty (60) days of its filing. In addition to theforegoing, if on or after January 31, 2000, either Party determines, based uponreasonable and mutually agreed upon measurable standards, that (x) the otherParty has materially underperformed its obligations pursuant to this Agreementor (y) the expectations of such Party have been materially unfulfilled, suchParty may terminate this Agreement upon ninety (90) days written notice to theother Party. Additionally, in the event of a prolonged and/or substantial strike which materially and adversely affects Fords ability to produce and sellcars, the Parties will work together in good faith to amend or terminate thisAgreement.2. Promotion. A. During the Production Period, iVillage will design, develop,construct and host a Ford bridge site (the "Bridge Site") which shall includeapproximately [] pages of content and other interactive material such as atravel planner or a car design feature. During the Promotion Period, iVillagewill continue to host, maintain and update the Bridge Site. Upon receipt fromiVillage of the proposed Bridge Site design and content, FMM shall have no morethan five (5) business days in which to provide iVillage with its acceptance orrejection of the design and content. If iVillage does not receive FMMsacceptance or rejection of such within the allotted time, iVillage shall deemFMMs silence as acceptance. The Parties shall work together to determine thecontent mix and delivery deadlines in order to maximize the effectiveness of thesponsorship campaign. B. During the Initial Term, iVillage will design, create and deliver[] Ford-branded advertising units. The advertising units shall be subject toFMMs final approval. iVillage will deliver approximately [] new advertisingunits each during the Promotion Period. For purposes of this Agreement, anadvertising unit can include but shall not be limited to banners in the form ofrich media, java-based, animated, daughter and/or pull-down banners, or acombination of appropriate technologies, and which shall represent and bedefined by industry standards. C. (i) During the Promotion Period, iVillage will deliver a minimum of [] advertising impressions, in an equal proportion each month. Subject to reasonable written notice to iVillage, FMM may request a reasonable reallocation of impressions as determined by FMM. The advertising units of Ford Division and other Ford Motor Company entities shall be served by a third party advertisement server, which shall be compliant with Net gravity, or Doubleclick or other compatible technology. (ii) During the Promotion Period, iVillage traffic shall be audited by a third party traffic auditor listed on Exhibit A and iVillage shall provide FMM with relevant reports on a biweekly basis. iVillage will provide ongoing marketing, creative, technical and editorial consultation to FMM. (iii) In the event that iVillage fails to deliver the advertising impressions during the Promotion Period, FMM shall have the option of either (a) extending the Initial Term of this Agreement for an additional three (3) month period to "make good" the undelivered impressions or (b) requiring iVillage to refund to FMM an amount equal to [] for each [] impressions which were not delivered. (iv) However, if iVillage falls to deliver the advertising impressions during the Promotion Period and FMM desires that iVillage "make good" the undelivered impressions and extend the Initial Term pursuant to option (a) set forth in Section 2.C.(iii), if the Parties have decided not to renew the Initial Term and iVillage desires to enter into an agreement with an entity whose business(es) would pose a conflict to FMM 2 or Ford Motor Credit, then iVillage, at iVillages option, may refund the remaining impression deficiency to FMM, and immediately upon pavement of such, the "make good" obligation shall terminate. D. During the Initial Term, iVillage will design and administer, (i) aminimum of [] online conferences which shall include live chats and thearchiving of conference transcripts (dates of such conferences shall bedetermined by FMM and shall occur approximately once every two months, but notearlier than March 1, 1999 and FMM shall provide iVillage with not less thanforty five (45) days advance notice of any conference); (ii) a minimum of []online polls; (iii) a minimum of [] sixty-second surveys; (iv) a minimum of []online focus groups; and (v) a minimum of [] customized turn-key Networksweepstakes (iVillage shall be responsible for all aspects of the sweepstakesother than the prize(s) which shall be provided by Ford Motor Company ("FMC")).FMM and FMCs respective advertising agencies shall be free to provide inputwith respect to the aforementioned promotional efforts set forth in this sectionand shall have the opportunity to reasonably approve such efforts. E. During the Initial Term, iVillage will develop and administer []message boards pertaining to topics mutually determined by the Parties. Thefirst message board shall be live on or about January 4, 1999, or in conjunctionwith the launch of the Bridge Site. F. During the Promotional Period, iVillage will place specialFord-branded text links, newsletter mentions, hotlinks and taglines throughoutthe Network. FMC shall have prior approval over all iVillage uses of any, FordMark, as defined below. In the event that any of the Ford-branded links and/ormentions set forth in this Section 2.F. are, in FMCs reasonable judgment,materially injurious to FMC. FMC shall provide written notice of such offense toiVillage. iVillage shall then have one (1) business day in which to cure saidoffense. 3. Reporting. During the Promotion Period, iVillage agrees to provide FMMwith biweekly reports in connection with the promotional obligations set forthin this Agreement in addition to semi-annual executive reviews with iVillagemanagement. All traffic reports shall be audited by the third party trafficauditor selected pursuant to Section 2.C.(ii). iVillage shall also provide, on atimely basis, impression tracking reports from a third party tracking system,confirming guaranteed impression delivery.4. Exclusivity. For the Initial Term of this Agreement, iVillage agreesthat Ford shall be the exclusive automobile manufacturer sponsor and advertiserthroughout the Network, with respect to entities whose primary business is thatof an automotive manufacturer and/or retailer. For purposes of this Agreement,the term "retailer" shall refer to an entity which sells new and/or usedvehicles. In addition, in the event that iVillage desires to form a sponsorshiprelationship with an automobile rental company during the term of thisAgreement, iVillage shall notify Hertz and provide Hertz with an opportunity toenter into such a relationship with iVillage, on not less favorable terms thanthose offered to any other automobile rental company. Once presented with anopportunity, Hertz shall have five (5) business days in which to accept orreject such terms. If iVillage does not receive Hertzs acceptance or rejectionof such within the allotted time, iVillage shall deem Hertzs silence asrejection. The terms of any such relationship shall be mutually determined bythe Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, FMC shall, on a non-exclusive basis, 3be permitted to offer Ford Motor Credit car financing products related to thepurchase of Ford vehicles.5. Fee. A. FMC agrees to pay iVillage, upon signing of this Agreement, anupfront, non-refundable, non-recoupable production and set up fee in the amountof []. In addition, FMM shall pay iVillage [] in equal quarterly payments of[] each, within ten (10) days after the end of each calendar quarter during1999. B. In addition, FMM agrees to pay iVillage, [] in equal quarterlypayments of [] each, within ten (10) days after the end of each calendarquarter during the year 2000. 6. Representations and Warranties. Each Party hereby represents andwarrants that: (a) it is a corporation duly organized and validly existing andin good standing under the laws of the state of incorporation; (b) it has fullpower and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligationshereunder; (c) it has obtained all permits, licenses, and other governmentalauthorizations and approvals required for its performance under this Agreement,and (d) the services to be rendered and the materials provided by each Partyunder this Agreement neither infringe nor violate any patent, copyright, tradesecret, trademark, or other proprietary right of any third party.7. Proprietary Rights. Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement,iVillage assigns to FMC all right, title and interest in and to the content,design and intellectual property, rights created specifically for and unique tothe Bridge Site, advertising units, and other promotional elements set forth inthis Agreement (collectively, the "Materials"). Notwithstanding the foregoing,iVillage expressly retains all right, title and interest in and to the programsand software that are used in connection with the creation and operation of, butare not created specifically, for and unique to the Materials (the "iVillageProprietary Materials"). FMC acknowledges and agrees that the iVillageProprietary Materials are used by iVillage in creating and developing Web sitesfor itself and other parties. FMC further acknowledges and agrees that iVillagewill be using certain licensed programs and software owned by third parties forportions of the development and creation of the Materials and that FMC will notacquire any right in or to those copyrighted materials. iVillage agrees toexecute any and all necessary further documents that FMC may reasonably requestto fully vest the intellectual property rights related to the Materials in FMCand, if requested, to reasonable assist FMC in registering such rights in thename of FMC. 8. Publicity. iVillage, FMC and FMM agree to collaborate on a joint pressrelease ("Press Release") to include information regarding the subject matter ofthis Agreement and quotes from iVillage, FMC and FMM sources. The distributionlist shall be approved by both Parties no less than five (5) business days priorto the release date. The Press Release and any quotes from either Partyssources must be approved by the other Partys public relations department, whichalso must be made aware of any pre-briefings with outside parties at least five(5) days in advance of any pre-briefing. In addition, the iVillage and FMMpublic relations department, FMC and FMM must be informed, no less than five (5)days before the release date, of any third party who expresses interest in thePress Release. 49. Licenses. FMM grants to iVillage, during the Initial Term of thisAgreement, a royalty-free, non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduceand display Fords tradenames, trademarks, service marks and logos(collectively, the "Marks") in connection with this Agreement. No right, title,license, or interest in any Marks owned by Ford or any of its affiliates isintended to be given to or acquired by iVillage by the execution of or theperformance of this Agreement. iVillage shall not use the Marks for any purposeor activity except as expressly authorized or contemplated herein; 10. Confidentiality. Except as expressly set forth herein, iVillage and FMMshall maintain in confidence the terms of this Agreement. It is expected that,pursuant to discussions to date and to this Agreement, the Parties may discloseto one another certain information ("Confidential Information"), as definedherein, which is considered by the disclosing Party to be proprietary orconfidential information. Confidential Information is defined as any,information, communication or data, in any form, including, but not limited tooral, written, graphic or electromagnetic forms, models or samples, which thedisclosing Party desires to protect against unrestricted disclosure or use,including without limitation, business information, financial data and marketingdata. All Confidential Information shall remain the sole property, of thedisclosing Party and its confidentiality shall be maintained and protected bythe receiving Party with the same degree of care as the receiving Party uses forits own confidential and proprietary information and the receiving Party shallnot disclose such Confidential Information to any third party. The restrictionsof the use or disclosure of any Confidential Information shall not apply to anyConfidential Information: (i) after it has become generally available to thepublic without breach of this Agreement by the receiving Party; (ii) isrightfully in the receiving Partys possession prior to disclosure to it by thedisclosing Party; (iii) is independently developed by the receiving Party; (iv)is rightfully received by the receiving Party from a third party, without a dutyof confidentiality; or (v) is required to be disclosed under operation of law.11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. NEITHER PARTY SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITYHEREUNDER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGESINCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFIT OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, WHETHEROR NOT THE PARTY WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY, AND EACHPARTY HEREBY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESSOR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE SERVICES CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ANYIMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ANDIMPLIED WARRANTIES AFJSING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE.12. Indemnification. A. iVillage agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless FMM and itsclient Ford Motor Company and their respective parents, subsidiaries,affiliates, successors and assigns from any and all third party losses,liabilities, damages, actions, claims, expenses and costs (including reasonableattorneys fees) which result or arise out of or in connection with the breachof this 5Agreement by iVillage or which result or arise out of or in connection with anymaterial supplied by iVillage pursuant to this Agreement. B. FMM agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless iVillage and itsparent, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors and assigns from any and all thirdparty, losses, liabilities, damages, actions, claims, expenses and costs(including reasonable attorneys fees) which result or arise out of or inconnection with the breach of this Agreement by FMM or which result or arise outof or in connection with any material supplied by FMM or its client Ford MotorCompany pursuant to this Agreement.13. General Provisions. A. Relationship of the Parties. Nothing contained herein shall implyany partnership, joint venture or agency relationship between the Parties andneither Party shall have the power to obligate or bind the other in any mannerwhatsoever, except to the extent herein provided. B. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be declaredby any court of competent Jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable, allother provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected and shall remain infull force and effect. C. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of whichtogether shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument. D. Notices. All notices, requests, demands, payments and other communications which are required or may be given under this Agreement shall bein writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered personally,telecopied or sent by nationally recognized overnight carrier, or mailed bycertified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, as follows: If to FMM: Ford Motor Media 500 Woodward Avenue Detroit, Michigan 48226-3428 Attention: Carol Wright Tel: (313) 964-2954 Fax: (313) 964-2315 If to iVillage: iVillage, Inc. 170 Fifth Avenue New York, New York 10010 Attention: Vice President Business/Legal Affairs Tel: (212) 206-3106 Fax: (212) 604-9133 6E. Force Majeur. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement,neither Party shall be liable for any breach of this Agreement for any delay orfailure of performance resulting from any cause beyond such Partys reasonablecontrol, including but not limited to the weather, strikes or labor disputes(other than as set forth in Section 1.B), war, terrorist acts, riots or civildisturbances, government regulations, acts of civil or military authorities, oracts of God provided the Party affected takes all reasonably necessary steps toresume full performance. In the event that the Network or the Bridge Site areunavailable for a substantial period of time due an event of force majeur orotherwise, iVillage agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to "make good"any impressions lost as a result of such circumstance.F. Entire Agreement. This Agreement (i) constitutes the binding agreementbetween the Parties, (ii) represents the entire agreement between the Partiesand supersedes all prior agreements relating to the subject matter containedherein and (iii) may not be modified or amended except in writing signed by theParties. G. Survival. The following sections shall survive any termination orexpiration of this Agreement: 6, 7, 10, 11, 12 and 13. H. Governing Law. Agreement shall be governed by, and construed inaccordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to theconflicts of laws principles thereof.I. Assignment. Neither Party shall sell, transfer or assign this Agreementor the rights or obligations hereunder, without the prior written consent of theother Party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed.Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon prior written notice by Ford Motor Companyto iVillage, this Agreement may be assigned by FMM to another advertisingagency, and in such event, FMM will be released from all financial and otherobligations under this Agreement. J. Headings. The headings of the various sections of this Agreement havebeen inserted for convenience of reference only. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed and delivered thisAgreement as of the date first above written. 7FOR FORD CENTRAL MEDIA FOR iVILLAGE, INC. /s/ Mark A. Kaline /s/ Steven Elkes- -------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------(Name) (NameMedia Manager Vice President Business/]Legal Affairs- -------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------(Title) (Title) 1/12/99 12/18/98- -------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------(Date) (Date) /s/ Mark A. Kaline /s/ Steven Elkes- -------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------(Signature) (Signature) 8 EXHIBIT A --------- Third Party Traffic Auditors ABC I/PRO PWC DoubleClick 9