Exhibit 10.23Corporate AddressFannin South ProfessionalBuilding, Suite 1407707 Fannin StreetHouston, Texas 77054t: 832.968.4888CONSULTING AGREEMENTJuly 20, 2018Gianluca RotinoDear Gianluca:Kiromic, Inc, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), is pleased to this offer to this Consulting Agreement (this “Agreement”) to retain GianlucaRotino (“Consultant”) to perform certain consulting activities as described below on the following terms:1. Services and Compensation. Consultant agrees to act as a consultant to Company with respect to such matters and projects as are mutuallyagreed from time to time by and between Consultant and Company, and perform the services described on Exhibit A hereto (collectively, “Services”).Company agrees to pay Consultant the compensation set forth on Exhibit A hereto for the performance of the Services.2. Confidentiality. “Confidential Information” means any proprietary information technical data, trade secrets or know-how, including, but notlimited to, research and product plans, products, services, markets, developments, inventions, processes, formulas, technology, marketing, finances orother business information disclosed to Consultant by Company either directly or indirectly in writing, orally or otherwise. Confidential Information alsoincludes all Inventions (as defined below) and any other information or materials generated in connection with the Services.Consultant shall not, during or subsequent to the term of this Agreement, use any Confidential Information for any purpose whatsoever other thanthe performance of the Services on behalf of Company, or disclose Confidential Information to any third party. Consultant agrees that ConfidentialInformation shall remain the sole property of Company. Consultant further agrees to take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorizeddisclosure or use of Confidential Information. Notwithstanding the above, Consultant’s obligation under this Section 2(b) relating to ConfidentialInformation shall not apply to information which (i) is known to Consultant at the time of disclosure to Consultant by Company as evidenced by writtenrecords of Consultant, (ii) has become publicly known and made generally available through no wrongful act of Consultant, or (iii) has been rightfullyreceived by Consultant from a third party authorized to make such disclosure.Consultant agrees that Consultant will not, during the term of this Agreement, improperly use or disclose to Company any proprietary informationor trade secrets of any former or current employer or other person or entity to which Consultant has a duty to keep in confidence such information andthat Consultant will not bring onto the premises of Company any unpublished document or proprietary information belonging to such employer, personor entity unless consented to in writing by the same. Consultant will indemnify Company and hold it harmless from844.KEY.CURE www.kiromic.comand against all claims, liabilities, damages and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of suit, arising out of or in connection with anyviolation or claimed violation by Company of such third party’s rights resulting in whole or in part from Company’s use of the work product of Consultantunder this Agreement.Consultant recognizes that Company has received and in the future will receive from third parties their confidential or proprietary informationsubject to a duty on Company’s part to maintain the confidentiality of such information and to use it only for certain limited purposes. Consultant agreesthat Consultant owes Company and such third parties, during the term of this Agreement and thereafter, a duty to hold all such confidential or proprietaryinformation in the strictest confidence and not to disclose it to any person, firm or corporation or to use it except as necessary in carrying out theServices for Company consistent with Company’s agreement with such third party.Upon the termination of this Agreement, or upon Company’s earlier request, Consultant will deliver to Company all Confidential Information andCompany’s property relating thereto and all tangible embodiments thereof, in Consultant’s possession or control.3. Ownership. Consultant hereby irrevocably assigns to Company all right, title and interest in and to any information (including, withoutlimitation, business plans and/or business information), technology, know-how, materials, notes, records, designs, ideas, inventions, improvements,devices, developments, discoveries, compositions, trade secrets, processes, methods and/or techniques, whether or not patentable or copyrightable, thatare conceived, reduced to practice or made by Consultant alone or jointly with others in the course of performing the Services or through the use ofConfidential Information (collectively, 111nventions”).Consultant agrees to sign, execute and acknowledge or cause to be signed, executed and acknowledged without cost, but at the expense ofCompany, any and all documents and to perform such acts as my be necessary, useful or convenient for the purposes of perfecting the foregoingassignments and obtaining, enforcing and defending intellectual property rights in any and all countries with respect to Inventions. It is understood andagreed that Company or Company’s designee shall have the sole right, but not the obligation, to prepare, file, prosecute and maintain patent applicationsand patents worldwide with respect to Inventions.Upon the termination of this Agreement, or upon Company’s earlier requests, Consultant will deliver to Company all property relating to, and alltangible embodiments of, Inventions in Consultant’s possession or control.Consultant agrees that if, in the course of performing the Services, Consultant incorporates into any Invention developed hereunder any invention,improvement, development concept, discovery or other proprietary subject matter owned by Consultant or in which Consultant has an interest (“Item”),Consultant will inform Company in writing thereof, and Company is hereby granted and shall have a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable,worldwide license to make, have made, modify, reproduce, display, use and sell such Item as part of or in connection with the exploitation of suchInvention.Consultant agrees that if Company is unable because of Consultant’s unavailability, mental or physical incapacity, or for any other reason, tosecure Consultant’s signature to apply for or to pursue any application or registration for any intellectual property rights covering any Invention, thenConsultant hereby irrevocably designates and appoints Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as Consultant’s agent and attorney-in-fact,to act for and in Consultant’s behalf844.KEY.CURE www.kiromic.comto execute and file any such applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of such intellectual propertyrights thereon with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Consultant.4. Reports. Consultant agrees, from time to time during the term of this Agreement, to keep Company advised as to Consultant’s progress inperforming the Services and, as reasonably requested by Company, prepare written reports with respect thereto. It is understood that the time required inthe preparation of such written reports shall be considered time devoted to the performance of the Services by Consultant. All such reports prepared byConsultant shall be the sole property of Company.5. Term and Termination. This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue until termination as provided below.Either Consultant or Company may terminate this Agreement upon prior written notice thereof to the other party.Upon termination of this Agreement, all rights and duties of the parties hereunder shall cease except:Company shall be obliged to pay, within thirty (30) days after receipt of Consultant’s final statement, all amounts owing to Consultant for unpaidServices completed by Consultant and related expenses, if any, in accordance with the provisions of Section 1 hereof, and Sections 2, 3, S(c), 6, 7, 8 and10 shall survive termination of this Agreement.6. Independent Contractor. Nothing in this Agreement shall in any way be construed to constitute Consultant as an agent, employee orrepresentative of Company, but Consultant shall perform the Services as an independent contractor. Consultant acknowledges and agrees thatConsultant is obligated to report as income all compensation received by Consultant pursuant to this Agreement.7. No Debarment. Consultant represents and warrants that Consultant has not been debarred under Section (a) or (b) of 21 U.S.C. Section 335a anddoes not appear on the United States Food and Drug debarment list. Consultant represents and warrants that Consultant has not committed any crime orconduct that could result in such debarment or Consultant’s exclusion from any governmental healthcare program. Consultant represents and warrantsthat, to Consultant’s knowledge, no investigations, claims or proceedings with respect to any such crimes or conduct are pending or threatened againstConsultant. Consultant agrees and undertakes to promptly notify the Company if Consultant becomes debarred or proceedings have been initiatedagainst Consultant with respect to debarment, whether such debarment or initiation of proceedings occurs during or after the term of this Agreement.8. Conflicting Obligations. Consultant hereby certifies that Consultant has no outstanding agreement or obligation that is in conflict with any ofthe provisions of this Agreement, or that would preclude Consultant from complying with the provisions hereof, and further certifies that Consultant willnot enter into any such conflicting agreement during the term of this Agreement. Subject to written waivers that may be provided by the Company uponrequest, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, Consultant agrees that, during the term of this Agreement, Consultant will not directly or indirectly (i)participate in the formation of any business or commercial entity in the Field of Interest or otherwise competitive with the Company. Without limiting theforegoing, Consultant agrees to use his or her best efforts (A) to segregate Consultant’s844.KEY.CURE www.kiromic.comServices performed under this Agreement from Consultant’s work done for any other companies for whom Consultant is providing services so as tominimize any questions of disclosure of, or rights under, any inventions, (B) to notify the Company if at any time the Consultant believes that suchquestions may result from his or her performance under this Agreement and (C) to assist the Company in fairly resolving any questions in this regardwhich may arise. The Services performed hereunder will not be conducted on time that is required to be devoted to any other third party. The Consultantshall not use the funding, resources and facilities of any other third party, without the prior written consent of the Company, to perform Serviceshereunder and shall not perform the Services hereunder in any manner that would give any third-party rights or access to the product of such Services.9. General. This Agreement (together with the Exhibits hereto) is the sole agreement and understanding between Company and Consultantconcerning the subject matter hereof, and it supersedes any and all prior agreements and understandings with respect to such matter, whether written ororal, provided, that, except as set forth in Exhibit B. Any required notice shall be given in writing by customary means with receipt confirmed at theaddress of each party set forth below, or to such other address as either party may substitute by written notice to the other. Consultant shall notsubcontract any portion of Consultant’s duties under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Company. Neither this Agreement nor any righthereunder or interest herein may be assigned or transferred by Consultant without the express written consent of Company. Company may assign thisAgreement to any entity that succeeds to substantially all of the business or assets of Company. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of theState of Texas, without reference to its conflicts of law principles. This Agreement may only be amended or modified by a writing signed by both parties.Waiver of any term or provision of this Agreement or forbearance to enforce any term or provision by either party shall not constitute a waiver as to anysubsequent breach or failure of the same term or provision or a waiver of any other term or provision of this Agreement. In the event that any provisionof this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in fullforce and effect without said provision, provided that no such severability shall be effective if it materially changes the economic benefit of thisAgreement to either Company or Consultant.10. Tax Matters. As follows:(a) Withholding. All forms of compensation referred to in this letter agreement are subject to reduction to reflect applicable withholding andpayroll taxes and other deductions required by law.(b) Tax Advice. You are encouraged to obtain your own tax advice regarding your compensation from the Company. You agree that theCompany does not have a duty to design its compensation policies in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities, and you will not make any claim againstthe Company or the Board related to tax liabilities arising from your compensation.11. Background Check and Authorization to Work. This offer of employment is contingent on the Company’s completion of a satisfactorybackground check of you. Please note that because of employer regulations adopted in the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, within three (3)business days of starting your new position you will need to present documentation demonstrating that you have authorization to work in the UnitedStates. If you have questions about this requirement, which applies to U.S. citizens and non-U.S. citizens alike, please let us know.12. Interpretation, Amendment and Enforcement. This letter agreement will be effective as of July 1, 2018. This letter agreement and the Company’sstandard Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement supersede and replace any prior agreements, representations or understandings (whetherwritten, oral, implied or otherwise) between you and844.KEY.CURE www.kiromic.comthe Company and constitute the complete agreement between you and the Company regarding the subject matter set forth herein. This letter agreementmay not be amended or modified, except by an express written agreement signed by both you and a duly authorized officer of the Company.13. Arbitration Agreement. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this agreement or breach thereof, shall be settled by bindingarbitration controlled by the rules of the American Arbitration Association. The number of arbitrator(s) shall be one. The seat of arbitration shall beHouston, Texas. Texas law shall also apply to the extent necessary to fill any gaps created by the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Thearbitration award shall be final and binding on the parties. Judgement of the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered into any court ofcompetent jurisdiction. If any provision of this Arbitration Agreement is held illegal or unenforceable in a arbitration proceeding, such provision shall besevered and shall be inoperative, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain operative and binding on the Parties. The arbitrator(s) shall have solekompetenz-kompetenz regarding this Arbitration Agreement.14. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held illegal or unenforceable in a judicial proceeding, such provision shall be severed andshall be inoperative, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain operative and binding on the Parties.15. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered will be deemedan original, and all of which together will constitute one and the same agreement.16. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the documents referred to herein constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties withrespect to the subject matter of this Agreement, and supersede all prior understandings and agreements, whether oral or written, between the partieshereto with respect to such subject matter.[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW]844.KEY.CURE www.kiromic.comIN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.KIROMIC, INC:CONSULTANT:By:/s/ Scott Dahlbeck/s/ Gianluca RotinoSignatureName:Scott DahlbeckGianluca RotinoTitle:President844.KEY.CURE www.kiromic.comEXHIBIT ASERVICES AND COMPENSATION1. Services. Consultant will render to Company the following Services:Provide business and statistical analysis of company metricsProvide leadership role for business development strategiesManage all in house consulting duties to maximize return for company objectivesManage key marketing and communication campaignsPrioritize and support clinical product pipeline business prioritiesWork closely with executive team to ensure department initiatives are all alignedLocate, evaluate and develop new business contacts and opportunities2. Compensation. The Company will compensate Consultant at the rate of 400 per hour (19 hours cap monthly; anything over these hrs must bepreapproved by management), payable in accordance with the Company’s standard payroll schedule, and subject to withholding as legally required. Thiscompensation will be subject to adjustment pursuant to the Company’s consultant compensation policies in effect from time to time. Consultants shall begiven written notice of any adjustments to compensation at least fourteen (14) days prior to adjustments becoming effective.844.KEY.CURE www.kiromic.com