Exhibit 10.26 EXECUTION VERSION CONFIDENTIAL DOMAIN NAME AND CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT This Domain Name and Content License Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made and entered into, by and between Beijing SINAInternet Information Service Co., Ltd. (北京新浪互联信息服务有限公司), a limited liability company organized under the laws of the People’sRepublic of China (hereinafter “Licensor”) and Beijing Yisheng Leju Information Services Co., Ltd., a limited liability company organized under thelaws of the People’s Republic of China (“Licensee” and together with Licensor, the “Parties” and each a “Party”) and is made effective as of theEffective Date (defined below). RECITALS WHEREAS, SINA Corporation, a company organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands (“SINA”), and CRIC HoldingsLimited, a company organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands (“CRIC”), entered into that certain Share Purchase Agreement dated July 23,2009 (the “Share Purchase Agreement”), pursuant to which SINA subscribes from CRIC the Subscription Shares (as defined in the Share PurchaseAgreement); WHEREAS, Licensor is the registrant of certain domain names as more particularly described below that are related to theBusiness which it desires to license to Licensee and Licensee desires to obtain a license from Licensor to such domain names to use in connectionwith its operation of the Business on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and WHEREAS, Licensor and Shanghai SINA Leju Information Technology Co. Ltd. (“SINA Leju”) entered into that certain DomainName License Agreement dated May 8, 2008 (the “Original Agreement”) and (i) Licensor and SINA Leju desire to terminate the Original Agreementpursuant to the Mutual Termination Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B and (ii) Licensee and Licensor desire to enter into this Agreement, onor prior to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Share Purchase Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreement of the Parties and the faithful performancethereof, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto agree asfollows: ARTICLE IDEFINITIONS As used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them below. “Action” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1. “Affiliate” means, when used with respect to any specified Person, a Person that directly or indirectly through one or moreintermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, “control”(including the terms “controlled by” and “under common control with”) with respect to the Source: LEJU HOLDINGS LTD, DRS (on F-1), 1/21/2014 relationship between or among two or more Persons, means the possession, directly or indirectly or as trustee, personal representative or executor,of the power to direct or cause the direction of the affairs or management of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, astrustee, personal representative or executor, by contract, credit arrangement or otherwise. “Agency Agreement” means that certain Advertising Sale Agency Agreement by and between SINA Corporation and ChinaOnline Housing Technology Corporation, dated as of the date hereof. “Business” means an online real estate media platform in the PRC that (i) provides information and updates related to real estate,home furnishing and construction in the PRC and provides real estate, home furnishing and construction advertising services, and (ii) operates abusiness-to-business and business-to-consumer Internet platform targeting participants in the PRC real estate industry, in each case, as currentlyconducted or contemplated to be conducted on the websites owned or operated by Licensee or any of Licensee’s Affiliates in the PRC. “Business Day” means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or other day on which banks are required or authorized by Lawto be closed in Beijing. “Change of Control” means (i) the consummation of any acquisition or purchase, directly or indirectly, by any Person or relatedgroup of Persons, that results in a Competitor owning more ordinary shares in CRIC than E-House and SINA, and in each case, their respectivecontrolled Affiliates, own in the aggregate or (ii) an event pursuant to which a Competitor acquires the right to nominate a member to the board ofdirectors of CRIC. “Claimant” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.12. “Commission” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.12. “Competitor” means any Person whose business includes an online portal. “Confidential Information” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1. “Content” means text, graphics, information and data and other content, whether supplied by Licensee, Licensor, end users orthird party providers. “Dispute” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.12. “Effective Date” means the Closing Date as set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement. “E-House Licensed Data and Information” means the data and information licensed to CRIC Holdings Limited and itssubsidiaries, for the operation of the CRIC system pursuant to the Master Transaction Agreement. 2Source: LEJU HOLDINGS LTD, DRS (on F-1), 1/21/2014 “Governmental Authority” means any federal, national, supranational, state, provincial, local or other government, governmental,regulatory or administrative authority, agency or commission or any court, tribunal, or judicial or arbitral body. “Initial Term” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1. “Law” means any federal, national, supranational, state, provincial, local or similar statute, law or ordinance, regulation, rule,code, order, requirement or rule of law (including common law). “Licensed Content” shall mean all Content (i) whose copyright is owned by Licensor; or (ii) owned by a third party provider butis sublicensable by Licensor to Licensee without requiring the payment of any additional fee to any third party and without violating the terms ofany agreement with such third party provider, together with all updates to and substitutions therefor as may be implemented by Licensor or suchthird party provider. “Licensed Domain Names” means the domain names listed on Exhibit A attached hereto. “Licensee Parties” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1. “Licensor Parties” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.2. “Master Transaction Agreement” means the Master Transaction Agreement entered into by and between E-House (China)Holdings Limited and CRIC Holdings Limited, dated as of July 27, 2009. “Operating Content” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. “Person” means any individual, partnership, firm, corporation, limited liability company, association, trust, unincorporatedorganization or other entity, as well as any syndicate or group that would be deemed to be a person under Section 13(d)(3) of the SecuritiesExchange Act of 1934, as amended. “PRC” means the People’s Republic of China, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. “Recipient” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1. “Respondent” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.12. “Rules” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.12. “Software License Agreement” means that certain Software License and Support Services Agreement by and between BeijingSINA Internet Information Service Co., Ltd. and SINA Leju dated as of [ ]. “Term” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1. 3Source: LEJU HOLDINGS LTD, DRS (on F-1), 1/21/2014 “Trademark License Agreement” means that certain Trademark License Agreement by and between Beijing SINA InternetInformation Service Co., Ltd. and Licensee dated as of [ ]. ARTICLE IIGRANT OF LICENSE 2.1. Grant of Licenses. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts fromLicensor, an exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 10.7) and non-sublicensable (except as provided in Section 2.1(c)) license touse the Licensed Domain Names in connection with the Business during the Term. Except as provided in Section 2.3, Licensee’s use of theLicensed Domain Names under the terms of this Agreement shall be free of any fees. (b) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts fromLicensor, an exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 10.7) and non-sublicensable (except as provided in Section 2.1(c)) license touse the Licensed Content in connection with websites associated with the Licensed Domain Names until the earlier of (i) termination or expiration ofthis Agreement, or (ii) termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement, provided, however, that in the event the Agency Agreement is amendedor restated, such amendment or restatement shall not be deemed a termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement. Except as provided inSection 2.3, Licensee’s use of the Licensed Content under the terms of this Agreement shall be free of any fees. (c) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Licensee has no right to sublicense any rights granted hereunderto any third party, or otherwise permit any third party to use any Licensed Domain Names or Licensed Content; provided, however, that any rightsgranted to Licensee hereunder shall be sublicensable, without the prior written consent of Licensor, to SINA Leju and Licensee’s Affiliates that arecontrolled by SINA Leju solely for the purpose of operating the Business during the Term. All rights in and to the Licensed Domain Names andLicensed Content not expressly granted herein are hereby reserved exclusively by Licensor. Licensee shall be responsible for the compliance of theterms and conditions of this Agreement by all of its sublicensees. Without limiting the foregoing, in the event any sublicensee undertakes anyaction (or inaction) that would be deemed a breach of this Agreement had Licensee taken such action (or inaction), such action (or inaction) shallbe deemed a breach by Licensee under this Agreement. 2.2. Other Content. Licensee may desire to use Content other than Licensed Content, from time to time, in connection with thewebsites associated with the Licensed Domain Names (“Operating Content”). Licensee may independently enter into an agreement with the ownerof the Operating Content to secure Licensee’s right to use such Operating Content, and shall be solely responsible for the cost and expenseassociated with procuring such Content. For the avoidance of doubt, Licensee shall be permitted to upload such Operating Content directly ontoLicensee’s websites or through use of the Licensor’s software pursuant to the Software 4Source: LEJU HOLDINGS LTD, DRS (on F-1), 1/21/2014 License Agreement. If Licensee requests Licensor to enter into such an agreement on behalf of Licensee and to provide the Operating Content toLicensee, Licensor and Licensee shall discuss such request in good faith; provided, however, if Licensor agrees to procure and provide suchOperating Content, Licensee shall reimburse Licensor for all reasonable, incremental costs that Licensor incurs which are attributable to Licensee’srequest. For example, if Licensor, prior to the Effective Date, employs ten (10) full time employees dedicated to obtaining Content and, as a result ofLicensee’s request for Operating Content pursuant to this Section 2.2, must hire an additional full time employee to handle Licensee’s request,Licensee shall reimburse Licensor for the costs related to such full time employee, provided that, if such full time employee also engages in work onbehalf of Licensor or its Affiliates, Licensee shall reimburse Licensor on a pro rata basis only for the time spent by such full time employee inhandling Licensee’s requests. Licensee further acknowledges that Licensor has no obligation to fulfill any request by Licensee to procureOperating Content under this Section 2.2. Unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties, any Operating Content obtained on Licensee’s behalf byLicensor shall be for Licensee’s use only and shall not be used by Licensor or its Affiliates or provided or made available to any third parties byLicensor. 2.3. Fees. In the event E-House Research and Training Institute becomes entitled to charge, invoice, or otherwise receive from,Licensee any royalties, fees or other remuneration for use of the E-House Licensed Data and Information pursuant to amendments to the MasterTransaction Agreement or through other means, Licensor and Licensee shall use good faith efforts to amend this Agreement such that Licensorbecomes entitled to charge, invoice, or otherwise receive fees from Licensee to use the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content, such fees tobe agreed upon by the Parties, provided that (i) such fees shall be commercially reasonable and (ii) such fees shall not exceed the fees charged byLicensor to unaffiliated third parties for use of the Licensed Content, taking into account any other consideration received by Licensor (including,but not limited to, discounted services offerings from the third party). ARTICLE IIIQUALITY CONTROL 3.1. Licensee Control. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensee shall be entitled to exercise exclusivecontrol over all aspects of the websites and the Business associated with the Licensed Domain Names including, without limitation, the operation,the look-and-feel and the Content of such websites. 3.2. Content Distribution. Licensor shall make available to Licensee the Licensed Content in substantially the same manner andwith substantially the same speed and efficiency as such Licensed Content was made available to SINA Leju prior to the Effective Date, namelythrough Licensor’s content database, but in no event with less speed, efficiency, or a lesser level of access than Licensor provides with respect toits own operations. Licensee agrees to use the Licensed Domain Names only in accordance with such content distribution policy that Licensoruses in connection with its own business, and as may be established by Licensor and communicated in writing in advance to Licensee from time totime or as may otherwise be agreed to by the Parties from time to time, provided that Licensee shall be afforded the same period of time to implementany such content distribution policy as is afforded to Licensor’s Affiliates and other third parties. 5Source: LEJU HOLDINGS LTD, DRS (on F-1), 1/21/2014 3.3. Website Monitoring and Censoring. (a) Licensee Obligations. Licensee shall monitor and censor all Content on the websites associated with the Licensed DomainNames, including without limitation Content posted by end users. Licensor shall also have the right to monitor and censor Content of the websitesassociated with Licensed Domain Names. Licensee shall remove any offending Content, including, but not limited to, any illegal materials,pornographic, obscene or sexually explicit materials, materials of a violent nature, or politically sensitive materials, from such websites as soon aspossible after it becomes aware of such offending Content but in no event later than the timeframe prescribed by the Governmental Authority afterreceipt of oral or written notice from Licensor or such Governmental Authority. Licensee’s failure to comply with this Section 3.3(a) shall be deemeda material breach of this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing obligations, Licensee acknowledges that Licensor shall have the right toremove such offending Content from the websites associated with Licensed Domain Names. (b) New Restrictions Imposed by Governmental Authority. In the event Licensor receives notice from any GovernmentalAuthority that the websites associated with the Licensed Domain Names contain offending Content where (i) the basis or nature of such offensehas not previously been identified by any Governmental Authority as offensive or inappropriate and (ii) Licensee has not also received notice fromsuch Governmental Authority, Licensor shall promptly notify Licensee of Licensor’s receipt thereof. Licensee shall then use best efforts to removesuch Content as soon as possible in accordance with the instructions of such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anythingin Section 8.2 to the contrary, in the event Licensor fails to notify Licensee of Licensor’s receipt of such notice from a Governmental Authority,such that Licensee does not have sufficient time to remove such offending Content, Licensee shall not be liable for any fines or penalties imposedby a Governmental Authority in connection with such offending Content. 3.4. Compliance with Laws. Licensee shall ensure that the Business complies with all applicable Laws in respect of operation,advertising and promotion of the Business and use of the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content in connection therewith. 3.5. Restrictions. Except as expressly permitted under the Trademark License Agreement, Licensee shall not knowingly (a) use theLicensed Domain Names in any manner that tarnishes, degrades, disparages or reflects adversely on Licensor or Licensor’s business or reputation,(b) in any jurisdiction, register or attempt to register any domain names that consist of, in whole or in part, or are confusingly similar to, the term“SINA”, (c) contest, challenge or otherwise make any claim or take any action adverse to Licensor’s interest in the Licensed Domain Names, (d)register any trademarks, trade names or company names that consist of, in whole or in part, or are confusingly similar to the term “SINA” in thename of Licensee or of any of its Affiliates, or (e) use the Licensed Content and other Content for any unlawful purpose, including but not limitedto displaying or distributing any pornographic, obscene or sexually explicit material, materials of a violent nature, or politically sensitive materials.In the event that Licensor reasonably determines that any violation of the foregoing by Licensee poses an immediate harm to Licensor’s business,reputation or goodwill, Licensee shall promptly, following receipt of notice from Licensor, cease and desist all such non-conforming uses. 6Source: LEJU HOLDINGS LTD, DRS (on F-1), 1/21/2014 ARTICLE IVOWNERSHIP 4.1. Ownership. Licensee acknowledges that, as between the Parties, Licensor (or its third party providers) is the owner of allright, title and interest in and to the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content, and all such right, title and interest shall remain exclusivelywith Licensor (or its third party providers). 4.2. Prosecution and Maintenance. As between Licensee and Licensor, Licensor shall have the sole and exclusive right andobligation to maintain and renew registrations for the Licensed Domain Names during the Term, and shall do so at its own cost and expense duringthe Term. Licensee shall not engage in the foregoing affairs, in particular, Licensee shall not change or apply for change of the domain nameregistration service agency for the Licensed Domain Names during the Term of this Agreement. ARTICLE VENFORCEMENT 5.1. Licensor Enforcement. (a) Licensor shall have the right, but not the obligation, to take action against third parties in the courts, administrative agenciesor otherwise, at Licensor’s cost and expense, to prevent or terminate misuse, infringement, dilution, misappropriation, imitation or illegal use bythird parties of the Licensed Domain Names or Licensed Content. (b) Licensee shall reasonably cooperate with Licensor in any action, suit or proceeding that the Licensor may undertake underthis Section 5.1 (including, without limitation, executing, filing and delivering all documents and evidence reasonably requested by the Licensor)and shall lend its name to such action, suit or proceeding if reasonably requested by the Licensor or required by applicable Law. All reasonableout-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Licensee in connection therewith shall be reimbursed by the Licensor. The Licensee shall have the right toparticipate and be represented in any such action, suit or proceeding by its own counsel at its own expense. (c) All damages or other compensation of any kind recovered in any action, suit or proceeding undertaken under this Article V, orfrom any settlement or compromise thereof, shall be for the benefit of the Licensor, provided, however, that any compensation granted or awardedin light of any losses incurred by Licensee shall be for the benefit of the Licensee after Licensor’s reasonable expenses for taking such action, suitor proceeding have been paid. ARTICLE VITERM AND TERMINATION 6.1. Term. The initial term of this Agreement (the “Initial Term”) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for aperiod of ten (10) years thereafter. Beginning twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term, the Parties shall use 7Source: LEJU HOLDINGS LTD, DRS (on F-1), 1/21/2014 good faith efforts to negotiate an extension of the term of this Agreement (the Initial Term together with any applicable extension, the “Term”). 6.2. Termination for Bankruptcy. Either Party may immediately terminate this Agreement in the event that the other Party (a)becomes insolvent or unable to pay its debts as they mature; (b) makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors; (c) seeks relief, or ifproceedings are commenced against such other Party or on its behalf, under any bankruptcy, insolvency or debtors’ relief law and suchproceedings have not been vacated or set aside within seven (7) days from the date of commencement thereof. 6.3. Termination for Breach. (a) By Licensor. Licensor may terminate this Agreement at any time in the event that the Licensee is in material default or breachof any provision of this Agreement, and, if such default or breach is capable of cure, such default or breach continues uncured for a period of thirty(30) days after receipt of written notice thereof; provided, however, that in the event that the Licensee has in good faith commenced cure withinsuch thirty (30) day period, but cannot practically complete such cure within such thirty (30) day period, the Parties shall negotiate a reasonableadditional time to cure. (b) By Licensee. Licensee may terminate this Agreement at any time in the event that the Licensor is in material default or breachof any provision of this Agreement, and, if such default or breach is capable of cure, such default or breach continues uncured for a period of thirty(30) days after receipt of written notice thereof; provided, however, that in the event that the Licensor has in good faith commenced cure withinsuch thirty (30) day period, but cannot practically complete such cure within such thirty (30) day period, the Parties shall negotiate a reasonableadditional time to cure. 6.4. Termination for a Change of Control. Licensor may terminate this Agreement by providing prior written notice to Licenseeupon the occurrence of a Change of Control. 6.5. Termination in the Event of Termination of Agency Agreement. In the event that the Agency Agreement is terminatedpursuant to Section 9.02(c)(iii) or 9.02(d)(i) thereof, this Agreement shall automatically be terminated as of the effective date of the termination ofthe Agency Agreement and shall thereafter be of no further force or effect except as set forth in Section 6.7. 6.6. Effect of Termination. (a) Upon termination (but not expiration) of this Agreement for any reason, Licensee shall be entitled to use the Licensed DomainNames and Licensed Content for a limited period of time, not to exceed ninety (90) days, during which it shall diligently work to transition toanother solution. Upon expiration of this Agreement or such 90-day period, (i) all rights granted to Licensee under this Agreement with respect tothe Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content shall immediately cease, and (ii) Licensee shall immediately discontinue all use of the LicensedDomain Names and Licensed Content. 8Source: LEJU HOLDINGS LTD, DRS (on F-1), 1/21/2014 (b) Upon termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement (other than as described in Section 6.5), Licensee’s rights underSection 2.1(b) are terminated and Licensee shall immediately discontinue all use of the Licensed Content, provided, however that in the event theAgency Agreement is amended or restated, such amendment or restatement shall not be deemed a termination or expiration of the AgencyAgreement. 6.7. Survival. The duties and obligations of the Parties under Articles IV, VI, VIII, IX and X and Section 7.2 of this Agreement shallsurvive any termination or expiration of this Agreement. ARTICLE VIIREPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 7.1. Representations and Warranties. (a) By Each Party. Each of Licensee and Licensor represents and warrants to each other Party that: (a) it is a corporation dulyincorporated, validly existing and in good standing under applicable Law; (b) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and theconsummation of the transactions contemplated hereby are within its corporate powers; (c) it has taken necessary steps to obtain authority and allnecessary consents and approvals of any other third party or Governmental Authority to execute and perform this Agreement; (d) this Agreementhas been duly executed and delivered by it and constitutes its valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms,except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other laws affecting the rights of creditors’ generally orby general principals of equity; and (e) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement will not conflict with or result in any breach of itscharter or certificate of incorporation, bylaws, or other governing document, or any instrument, obligation, or contract to which it or its properties isbound. (b) By Licensor. Licensor represents and warrants that: i. It has the right to grant the licenses granted to Licensee hereunder; and ii. The Licensed Content and the Licensed Domain Names are, and the rights granted hereunder in connection with theLicensed Domain Names and Licensed Content are, substantially similar to the Licensed Content and the Licensed Domain Names and the rightsthat were granted to SINA Leju in connection therewith prior to the Effective Date. 7.2. Disclaimer. LICENSEE HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN ORIN THE SHARE PURCHASE AGREEMENT, THE LICENSED DOMAIN NAMES AND THE LICENSED CONTENT ARE PROVIDED WITHOUTWARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,VALIDITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR OTHER WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,AND LICENSOR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL SUCH WARRANTIES. 9 ARTICLE VIIIINDEMNIFICATION 8.1. Indemnification by Licensor. Licensor shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Licensee and its Affiliates, and theirrespective officers, directors, employees, agents, shareholders, successors and assigns, (collectively, the “Licensee Parties”) from and against anyclaim, suit, demand or action (“Action”), and any and all direct losses suffered or incurred by Licensee in connection with any third party claimsarising out of or resulting from any breach by Licensor of any provision of this Agreement. Licensor’s obligation to indemnify Licensee shall beconditioned on (a) Licensee’s provision to Licensor of prompt notice of such an Action (except where any delay does not materially prejudiceLicensor); (b) Licensee’s reasonable cooperation with Licensor in the defense and settlement of such an Action at Licensor’s cost; and (c) Licensorhaving exclusive control of the defense, settlement and/or compromise of such an Action (provided that Licensor may not settle any Action in amanner that adversely affects Licensee without Licensee’s prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 8.2. Indemnification by Licensee. Licensee shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Licensor and its Affiliates, and theirrespective officers, directors, employees, agents, shareholders, successors and assigns, (collectively, the “Licensor Parties”) from and against anyAction, and any and all direct losses suffered or incurred by Licensor in connection with any third party claims (a) arising out of or resulting fromany breach by Licensee of any provision of this Agreement, (b) regarding the Content (other than Licensed Content) of the websites associatedwith Licensed Domain Names, or (c) regarding any Content that was subject to a request for removal by a Governmental Authority, even if Licenseeremoves such Content within the time period proscribed by the Governmental Authority, provided that, in all cases, Licensee shall not be liable forany direct losses suffered or incurred by Licensor as a result of Licensor’s failure to provide Licensee with a reasonable period of time to removeContent in cases where (i) the basis or nature of the offense has not previously been identified by any Governmental Authority as offensive orinappropriate and (ii) Licensee has not also received notice from the Governmental Authority. Licensee’s obligation to indemnify Licensor shall beconditioned on (x) Licensor’s provision to Licensee of prompt notice of such an Action (except where any delay does not materially prejudiceLicensee); (y) Licensor’s reasonable cooperation with Licensee in the defense and settlement of such an Action at Licensee’s cost; and (z)Licensee having exclusive control of the defense, settlement and/or compromise of such an Action (provided that Licensee may not settle anyAction in a manner that adversely affects Licensor without Licensor’s prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). ARTICLE IXCONFIDENTIALITY 9.1. Confidential Information. In performing its obligations under this Agreement, either Party (the “Recipient”) may obtain certainConfidential Information of the other Party. For purposes of this Agreement, “Confidential Information” shall mean information, documents andother tangible things, provided by either Party to the other, in whatever form, relating to such Party’s business and marketing, including suchSource: LEJU HOLDINGS LTD, DRS (on F-1), 1/21/2014Party’s financial information, personal information, customer lists, product plans and marketing plans, whether alone or in its compiled form andwhether marked as confidential or not. The Recipient shall maintain in 10Source: LEJU HOLDINGS LTD, DRS (on F-1), 1/21/2014 confidence all Confidential Information and shall not disclose such Confidential Information to any third party without the express written consentof the other Party except to those of its employees, subcontractors, consultants, representatives and agents as are necessary in connection withactivities as contemplated by this Agreement. In maintaining the confidentiality of Confidential Information, the Recipient shall exercise the samedegree of care that it exercises with its own confidential information, and in no event less than a reasonable degree of care. The Recipient shallensure that each of its employees, subcontractors, consultants, representatives and agents holds in confidence and makes no use of theConfidential Information for any purpose other than those permitted under this Agreement or otherwise required by Law. Upon request by theother Party, the Recipient shall return, destroy or otherwise handle as instructed by the other Party, any documents or software containing suchConfidential Information, and shall not continue to use such Confidential Information. 9.2. Exceptions. The obligation of confidentiality contained in Section 9.1 shall not apply to the extent that (a) the Recipient isrequired to disclose information by order or regulation of a Governmental Authority or a court of competent jurisdiction; provided, however, that,to the extent permitted by applicable Law, the Recipient shall not make any such disclosure without first notifying the other Party and allowing theother Party a reasonable opportunity to seek injunctive relief from (or a protective order with respect to) the obligation to make such disclosure; or(b) the Recipient can demonstrate that (i) the disclosed information was at the time of such disclosure to the Recipient already in (or thereafterenters) the public domain other than as a result of actions of the Recipient, its directors, officers, employees or agents in violation hereof, (ii) thedisclosed information was rightfully known to the Recipient prior to the date of disclosure (other than pursuant to disclosure by the other Partypursuant to other agreements in effect between the Parties), or (iii) the disclosed information was received by the Recipient on an unrestricted basisfrom a source unrelated to any Party and not under a duty of confidentiality to the other Party. ARTICLE XGENERAL PROVISIONS 10.1. Taxes. Each Party shall be responsible for taxes that should be borne by it in accordance with applicable Law. If any Partypays any taxes that should have been borne by the other Party in accordance with Law, such other Party shall reimburse such Party within seven(7) days after its receipt of documentation evidencing such tax payment so incurred by such Party. 10.2. Expenses. Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, all costs and expenses, including, fees and disbursements ofcounsel, financial advisors and accountants, incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreementshall be borne by the party incurring such costs and expenses, whether or not the Closing shall have occurred. 10.3. Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemedduly given, made or received (i) on the date of delivery if delivered in person or by messenger service, (ii) on the date of confirmation of receipt oftransmission by facsimile (or, the first (1 ) Business Day following such receipt if (a) such 11stSource: LEJU HOLDINGS LTD, DRS (on F-1), 1/21/2014 date of confirmation is not a Business Day or (b) confirmation of receipt is given after 5:00 p.m., Beijing time) or (iii) on the date of confirmation ofreceipt if delivered by an internationally recognized overnight courier service or registered or certified mail (or, the first (1 ) Business Day followingsuch receipt if (a) such date of confirmation is not a Business Day or (b) confirmation of receipt is given after 5:00 p.m., Beijing time) to therespective parties hereto at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance withthis Section 10.3): if to Licensor: SINA Corporation20/F Beijing Ideal International PlazaNo. 58 Northwest 4th Ring RoadHaidian District, Beijing, 100090People’s Republic of ChinaFacsimile: 86 10 8260 7166Attention: Head of Legal Department (Xie Guomin) with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: Shearman Sterling LLP12 Floor East Tower, Twin TowersB-12 Jianguomenwai DajieBeijing 100022People’s Republic of ChinaFacsimile: 86 10 6563 6001Attention: Lee Edwards, Esq. if to Licensee: Beijing Yisheng Leju Information Services Co., Ltd.c/o CRIC Holdings LimitedNo. 383 Guangyan RoadShanghai 200072People’s Republic of ChinaFacsimile: 86 (21) 6086 7111Attention: President with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom42/F, Edinburgh Tower, The Landmark12 Queen’s Road Central, Hong KongFacsimile: 852 3740 4727Attention: Jonathan B. Stone, Esq. and Z. Julie Gao, Esq. 10.4. Public Announcements. Other than (i) the filing with the SEC of the Form F-1, any amendments thereto and any otherdocuments filed in connection with the Form F-1, 12stthSource: LEJU HOLDINGS LTD, DRS (on F-1), 1/21/2014 including the filing of this Agreement or (ii) any communications with the relevant stock exchange or regulators in connection with the IPO, in eachcase, as deemed necessary or desirable in the sole discretion of CRIC, neither party to this Agreement shall make, or cause to be made, any pressrelease or public announcement in respect of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or otherwise communicate withany news media without the prior written consent of the other party unless otherwise required by Law or applicable stock exchange regulation, andthe parties to this Agreement shall cooperate as to the timing and contents of any such press release, public announcement or communication. 10.5. Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any Law orpublic policy, all other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect for so long as the economic or legalsubstance of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is not affected in any manner materially adverse to either party hereto. Upon suchdetermination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith tomodify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the transactionscontemplated by this Agreement are consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible. 10.6. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties hereto with respect to the subject matterhereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereto(including the Original Agreement). 10.7. Assignment. This Agreement and any rights or authority granted hereunder shall not be assigned or transferred by eitherParty, including by operation of law, merger or otherwise, without the express written consent of the other Party, provided that Licensor may assignthis Agreement without consent to any of its Affiliates and Licensee may assign this Agreement without consent to SINA Leju or an Affiliate ofLicensee that is controlled by SINA Leju. 10.8. Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except (a) by an instrument in writing signed by, or on behalfof, both Parties or (b) by a waiver in accordance with Section 10.9. 10.9. Waiver. Either Party may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other Party, (b)waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the other Party contained herein or in any document delivered by the other partypursuant hereto or (c) waive compliance with any of the agreements of the other Party or conditions to such Party’s obligations contained herein.Any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed by the Party to be bound thereby. No waiver of anyrepresentation, warranty, agreement, condition or obligation granted pursuant to this Section 10.9 or otherwise in accordance with this Agreementshall be construed as a waiver of any prior or subsequent breach of such representation, warranty, agreement, condition or obligation or any otherrepresentation, warranty, agreement, condition or obligation. The failure of either party hereto to assert any of its rights hereunder shall notconstitute a waiver of any of such rights. 13Source: LEJU HOLDINGS LTD, DRS (on F-1), 1/21/2014 10.10. No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except for the provisions of Article VII relating to indemnified parties, this Agreement shall bebinding upon and inure solely to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns and nothing herein, express orimplied (including the provisions of Article VII relating to indemnified parties), is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person any legal orequitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever, including any rights of employment for any specified period, under or by reason of thisAgreement. 10.11. Governing Law. This Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter shallbe governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the People’s Republic of China (without regard to its conflicts of laws rules thatwould mandate the application of the laws of another jurisdiction). 10.12. Dispute Resolution. (a) Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or the breach,termination or invalidity thereof (each, a “Dispute”), shall to the extent possible be settled through friendly consultation among the Parties hereto.The claiming Party (the “Claimant”) shall promptly notify the other Party (the “Respondent”) in a dated written notice that a Dispute has arisen anddescribe the nature of the Dispute. Any Dispute which remains unresolved within sixty (60) days after the date of such written notice shall besubmitted to the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (the “Commission”) to be finally settled by arbitration in Beijing,PRC in accordance with the Commission’s then effective rules (the “Rules”) and this Section 10.12. The language of the arbitration shall beMandarin Chinese. (b) The arbitration tribunal shall consist of three (3) arbitrators. The Claimant shall appoint one (1) arbitrator, the Respondent shallappoint one (1) arbitrator, and the two (2) arbitrators so appointed shall appoint a third arbitrator. If the Claimant and the Respondent fail to appointone (1) arbitrator, or the two (2) arbitrators appointed fail to appoint the third arbitrator within the time periods set by the then effective Rules, therelevant appointment shall be made promptly by the Commission. (c) Any award of the arbitration tribunal established pursuant to this Section 10.12 shall be final and binding upon the Parties, andenforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction. The Parties shall use their best efforts to effect the prompt execution of any such award andshall render whatever assistance as may be necessary to this end. The prevailing Party (as determined by the arbitrators) shall be entitled toreimbursement of its costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney’s fees, incurred in connection with the arbitration and any judicialenforcement, unless the arbitrators determine that it would be manifestly unfair to honor this agreement of the Parties and determine a differentallocation of costs. (d) The foregoing provisions in this Section 10.12 shall not preclude any Party from seeking interim or conservatory remedies,including injunctive relief, from any court having jurisdiction to grant such relief. 10.13. No Presumption. The Parties acknowledge that each has been represented by counsel in connection with this Agreementand the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Accordingly, any applicable Law that would require interpretation of any claimed 14Source: LEJU HOLDINGS LTD, DRS (on F-1), 1/21/2014 ambiguities in this Agreement against the Party that drafted it has no application and is expressly waived. If any claim is made by a Party relating toany conflict, omission or ambiguity in the provisions of this Agreement, no presumption or burden of proof or persuasion will be implied becausethis Agreement was prepared by or at the request of any Party or its counsel. 10.14. Specific Performance. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that irreparable damage would occur if any of theprovisions of this Agreement are not performed in accordance with their specific terms and that any breach of this Agreement could not beadequately compensated in all cases by monetary damages alone. Accordingly, in addition to any other right or remedy to which a party heretomay be entitled, at law or in equity, it shall be entitled to enforce any provision of this Agreement by a decree of specific performance and totemporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive relief to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of any of the provisions of this Agreement,without posting any bond or other undertaking. 10.15. Force Majeure. Neither Party shall be liable for failure to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement during anyperiod in which such Party cannot perform due to hacker attack, fire, flood or other natural disaster, war, embargo, riot or the intervention of anyGovernmental Authority, provided, however, that the Party so delayed immediately notifies the other Party of such delay. In no event shall suchnonperformance by Licensee be excused due to any such event for longer than ninety (90) days. 10.16. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile transmission) in one or morecounterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all ofwhich taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 10.17. Termination of Original Agreement. Pursuant to the Mutual Termination Agreement set forth in Exhibit B attached hereto,the Original Agreement shall be terminated as of the Effective Date. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreementshall not become effective unless and until the Mutual Termination Agreement set forth in Exhibit B is executed. [SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE] 15Source: LEJU HOLDINGS LTD, DRS (on F-1), 1/21/2014 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Party hereto has caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized representatives onthe date first set forth above. Beijing SINA Internet Information Service Co., Ltd. By: /s/ Charles Chao Name: Title: Beijing Yisheng Leju Information Services Co., Ltd. By: /s/ Fei Cao Name: Title: 16Source: LEJU HOLDINGS LTD, DRS (on F-1), 1/21/2014 EXHIBIT A LICENSED DOMAIN NAMES house.sina.com.cn jiaju.sina.com.cn construction.sina.com.cn 17Source: LEJU HOLDINGS LTD, DRS (on F-1), 1/21/2014