1 Exhibit 10.17 SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT THIS SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made and entered intothis the 24th day of February, 1998, by and between Southern Racing Promotions,Inc., ("SRP") a Tennessee corporation, and Logans Roadhouse, Inc., a Tennesseecorporation ("Logans"), with its principal place of business in Nashville,Tennessee. WHEREAS, SRP is engaged in the business of operating an automobile racing team; WHEREAS, SRP is securing sponsorship funds to offset the direct costsof campaigning a NASCAR Late Model Stock Car ("LMSC") Racing Team (the "Team")in the 1998 racing season at Nashville Motor Speedway ("NMS"); WHEREAS, Logans desires to become the primary sponsor of the Team topromote its restaurant concept in Middle Tennessee and the southeastern UnitedStates; and WHEREAS, the parties desire to set forth in this agreement their respective rights and obligations; NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and Agreements setforth herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. PRIMARY SPONSOR. For the 1998 racing season, Logans shall be theprimary sponsor of the Team, which fields a LMSC racing vehicle (the "Race Car")driven by Brad Baker. During the term of this Agreement, SRP will not representany other product or company or accept as a primary, secondary, associate orcontingent decal sponsor any other product reasonably deemed by Logans to becompetitive with Logans. 2. TERM. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and, unless terminated as provided herein, shall continue through November 30,1998. 3. SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY SRP. SRP shall perform the following services for Logans in connection with race programs: (A) THE DRIVER. Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, Brad Baker ("Baker") will be the only driver for the Team for the term of thisAgreement. If Baker is unavailable to perform as driver as a result of injury,illness or any other disability, or cause beyond his control, SRP shall providean alternate driver subject to the approval of Logans ("Alternate Driver"),which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. Baker and any AlternateDriver appointed by SRP and approved by Logans pursuant to this Agreement areherein collectively 1 2referred to as the "Driver." The Driver shall not drive for any other sponsorwhich competes with Logans. The Driver shall not drive any other race vehiclefor any other sponsor than Logans without prior written notice from SRP toLogans. (B) ADVERTISING, ENDORSEMENTS, ETC. Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, Logans shall have the right at no additional expense to usethe name, likeness and voice of Baker for endorsements, advertising andpromotions in all forms of media. (C) PUBLIC IMAGE. SRP shall be primarily responsible fordeveloping and maintaining a positive public image for the Driver and the Team.To facilitate this aim and in recognition of Logans sensitivity to any adversepublicity with respect to the Driver and the Racing Team, SRP shall beresponsible for the public image of the Driver and the Racing Team at all times,including but not limited to any statement by the Driver or the Team inconnection with press conferences, media contact and any contact of the Driveror Team with the general public, whether at a race or otherwise. (D) CAR DESIGN. Consistent with NASCAR rules and regulationsand the terms of Articles 4 and 5 of this Agreement, SRP will develop a graphicdesign for the Race Car (the "Graphic Design"). SRP will purchase decals for theRace Car based upon the Graphic Design and shall be responsible for painting theRace Car in conformity with the Graphic Design. (E) UNIFORMS. SRP will provide race day uniforms for up to amaximum of 12 personnel and a driver suit for the Driver. Consistent with theNASCAR rules and regulations, and excluding any patches required by NASCAR,Logans shall have the exclusive right to promote its Logans logo on uniformsand Drivers suit on the areas depicted on Exhibit A to this Agreement. Logansalso shall have the exclusive right to promote its Logans trademark on the sideof the helmet, as shown on Exhibit B to this Agreement. Uniforms and Driverssuit may display one patch each for up to two secondary or associate sponsors,provided such secondary or associate sponsors have been approved in advance byLogans, such patches to be located as mutually agreed upon by Logans and SRP.The Driver shall not appear in a race uniform or driving suit other than theLogans uniform/suit in connection with or portraying involvement in NASCAR LMSCracing, whether or not used in product advertising or promotion. (F) CREDENTIALS. At the request of Logans and consistent withNASCAR and race track rules, regulations and procedures, SRP will use bestefforts to secure credentials for the pre-race admissions of a maximum of fourdesignees of Logans to pit row and/or the garage area of each regularlyscheduled or special LMSC event in which the Race Car competes. (G) SHOW CAR. SRP will build and provide to Logans a 1997Ford Thunderbird automobile ("Show Car") that will have an appearance identicalto 2 3that of the race car, to include full roll cage, race interior, paint, graphicsand under-hood race look. Logans will provide equipment and driver to transportthe Show Car to destinations and according to schedules as determined byLogans. At the expiration of this contract, Logans will return the Show Car toSRP in substantially the same condition as when received by Logans, normal wearand tear excepted. (H) TRANSPORTER. SRP is attempting to purchase or lease a 53 foot semi-trailer to be pulled by a Peterbilt class eight tractor which will functionas the Race Car transporter (the "Transporter"). In the event SRP is successfulin procuring the Transporter, it will be lettered and pictured with Logansracing graphics by SRP up to a maximum cost allowance of Two Thousand FiveHundred and No/100s (2,500.00), with Logans retaining the right to apply moreextensive graphics at its own expense if Logans so chooses. Any associatesponsor graphics appearing on the Transporter will be displayed in a subservientmanner to clearly reflect Logans as the primary sponsor of the Team. (I) AUTHORITY OF SRP. SRP hereby warrants that it has the authorityto grant all rights to Baker under this Article 3. 4. ASSOCIATE AND SECONDARY SPONSORSHIPS. SRP shall have the right toobtain secondary and associate sponsors for the Race Car and Team, subject tothe approval of Logans, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. SRPmay not obtain any associate or secondary sponsors whose products or conceptscompete with Logans. Any associate and/or secondary sponsor may promote itsrole as a sponsor by signage, logos or trademarks on the Race Car, provided thatsuch associate and/or secondary sponsors signage, logos or trademarks used onthe Race Car, when viewed collectively, shall not cover any area greater than25% of that of Logans signage, logos or trademarks, nor conflict with thegraphic design, or in other locations or on clothing as may be permitted by theterms of the Agreement. Logans shall have the exclusive use of the hood, therear quarter panel area above the tire and the bottom of the deck lid (rearfacing panel, TV panel) of the Race Car, as shown on Exhibit C to thisAgreement. All other areas permitted by NASCAR for sponsor signage, logos ortrademarks and the "spoiler space" are reserved for NASCAR, SRP and theassociate and secondary sponsors. All associate and secondary sponsors graphiclayouts for the Race Car are subject to Logans approval, which shall not beunreasonably withheld. Furthermore, SRP shall not permit any associate orsecondary sponsor to suggest in any manner that its sponsorship role is as greatas that of Logans. 5. CONTINGENT SPONSORS. SRP intends to participate in NASCAR and NMSdecal sponsor programs such as a series sponsor, and race related products suchas tires and fuel. Logans acknowledges that NASCAR or NMS require the placingof certain decals on the Race Car as a prerequisite for competing in a racingevent. SRP acknowledges that such required decals shall be placed forward of the 3 4door panel, or as otherwise required by NASCAR rules and regulations, in a waynot to detract from Logans signage. 6. COMPENSATION. In consideration of the services provided, SRP shall be entitled to a base fee of Eighty Thousand Dollars and No/100s (580,000.00)payable as follows: (i) 40,000.00 payable upon execution of this contract; and (ii) the balance of 40,000.00 payable in eight equal monthly installments of 5,000 each, due the first day of March, April, May, June, July,August, September and October, 1998. 7. TRADEMARKS. It is expressly understood that SRP may use the Loganstrademarks, logos or other symbols only as directed or approved by Logans andthat Logans may use the trademarks, logos, symbols, name, likeness, voice orsignature of the Driver, the Team or any secondary or associate sponsor only asdirected or approved by the Driver, or secondary sponsors, as appropriate. SRPmay license and use the Logans name and Trademark in promotions directlyrelated to the Race Car or the Team, such as souvenir items, hats, shirts, etc.Upon termination of this Agreement, SRP and any associate or secondary sponsorsshall immediately cease all use of all Logans trademarks, trade names, servicemarks, logos, symbols or other designations, and Logans shall immediately ceaseall use of trademarks, trade names, service marks, logos, symbols or otherdesignation of SRP or any associate or secondary sponsors, as well as any andall use of name, likeness, voice or signature of the Driver. 8. CONFIDENTIALITY. Both parties shall exercise due care to protect theconfidentiality of any information exchanged between them as a result of thisAgreement, including information exchanged during the negotiation of thisAgreement, and shall not use such information to the disadvantage of the otherparty. However, nothing contained herein will prevent either party from fullyutilizing information already known to such party or information which is orbecomes generally available to the public through no fault of such party thathas the right to disperse such information without breaching any obligation toone of the parties to this Agreement. The parties each specifically agree not toshare confidential information received from the other party with any agent,including their respective advertising agencies, unless the party wishing toshare such information with this agent receives written approval from the otherparty. 9. POWER AND AUTHORITY. Logans and SRP warrant they have full powerand authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, and the transactionscontemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessarycorporate action, and each has the ability to provide the services called forhereunder. Upon the execution and delivery of this agreement, it will be a validand binding obligation of Logans and SRP in accordance with its terms. Logansand 4 5SRP further warrant they have not made, nor will make, any Agreement orcommitment which would prevent or interfere in any way with the full performanceof the obligations hereunder or the full enjoyment of the other party hereunder. 10. SPECIAL RIGHT OF TERMINATION. Either party shall have the right toterminate this Agreement, subject to the following terms and conditions: (a) Either party ("the Terminating Party") may terminate thisAgreement upon prior written notice to the other party (the "Defaulting Party")upon the occurrence of any of the following conditions: (i) In the event that such party materially breaches this Agreement or materially defaults in the performance of any obligation hereunderand fails to cure said breach within 30 days of written notice to the DefaultingParty by the Terminating Party; (ii) Immediately in the event that the Defaulting Party (including, for SRP, the Driver) commits any crime involving moral turpitude orotherwise commits any act or is involved in any situation bringing itself, theTerminating Party or the products of the Terminating Party into public hatred orcontempt, or engages in conduct that shocks or insults the community or bringsthe Terminating Party, or its products into public disrespect, scandal orridicule; or (iii) In the event the LMSC series at NMS is canceled. (b) In the event Logans terminates this Agreement pursuant tothis Article 10, Logans shall be entitled to a pro rata refund of amountsprepaid for the current calendar year, with no further obligations under thisAgreement. 11. FORCE MAJEURE. Neither party hereto will be considered in defaultof this Agreement or be liable for damages therefor, for any failure ofperformance hereunder occasioned by an Act of God, force of nature, physicalcasualty, accident, war or warlike activity, insurrection or civil disorder orother cause beyond its reasonable control, provided the party so affected givesprompt notice to the other. 12. RELEASE. Except as may be otherwise provided in this Agreement,including amounts due SRP from Logans under Article 6 of this Agreement,neither SRP nor its employees or agents shall make any claims against Loganswith respect to any remuneration in the nature of salary or otherwise for anycost, damage, loss or expense incurred for any reason, including, but notlimited to, damage, injury or death which may be suffered by SRP or itsemployees or agents, third parties, or any property of SRP or property of itsagents or employees, or property of any third parties. SRP shall obtain from theDriver and from each of its employees who is a member of the Team a release infavor of Logans from all liability with respect to any of the above. 5 6 13. INSURANCE. SRP shall provide at its expense, and maintainthroughout the term of this Agreement, comprehensive general liability insurancein the amount of Five Million Dollars and No/100s (5,000,000.00) peroccurrence with respect to any liability relating to the activities of SRP inthe performance of this Agreement SRP shall supply Logans with a copy of theCertificate of Insurance naming Logans as an additional insured. Such policiesshall provide for at least fifteen (15) days written notice to Logans of thecancellation or substantial modification thereof. Such insurance will besupplemental coverage in excess of the Five Million Dollars (5,000,000.00)primary coverage provided to SRP and Logans by the comprehensive liabilitypolicy of NMS. 14. NOTICES. All notices required or permitted hereunder shall be inwriting and shall be deemed to be properly given: (a) when personally deliveredto the party entitled to receive the notice; (b) upon receipt of facsimilemessage confirmed by first class mail, postage prepaid; (c) upon receipt ofpackage delivered by overnight courier; or (d) when sent by certified orregistered mail, postage prepaid properly addressed. 15. WAIVERS. A waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be enforceable only if the waiver is in writing signed by the party against whomthe waiver is sought to be enforced. A failure by a party at any time toexercise any rights hereunder shall not constitute a waiver of such rights atanother time. 16. NATURE OF RELATIONSHIP. The parties expressly acknowledge and agree that SRP is acting as an independent contractor and not as a employee of,or partner or joint venturer with, Logans. Each party is responsible for alltaxes relating to its operation, including payroll taxes for its employees. 17. AMENDMENTS AND ASSIGNMENTS. This Agreement may not be modified orassigned except in writing signed by SRP and Logans. 18. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be constructed under and governed by the laws of the State of Tennessee. 19. SEVERABILITY. In the event that any provision of this Agreement isfor any reason found and declared to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, thensuch provision shall be deemed amended only to the extent necessary to eliminatesuch invalidity, illegality or unenforceability. In any such event, the validityof the remaining portions or provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected. 20. BENEFITS. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties and their respective heirs, executors, administrators,successors and permitted assigns. 21. CAPTIONS. Sections, titles or captions contained in this Agreementare inserted as a matter of convenience and for reference and in no way define,limit, 6 7extend or describe the scope of this Agreement or the intent of any provision thereof. 22. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which takentogether shall constitute but one in the same instrument. 23. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement contains the entire understandingbetween the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes allprior written or oral agreements between them with respect to the subject to thesubject matter hereof. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement. Logans Roadhouse, Inc. By: /s/ Edwin W. Moats, Jr. ------------------------------- Name: Edwin W. Moats, Jr. ------------------------------- Title: President and CEO ------------------------------- Southern Racing Promotions, Inc. By: /s/ Gary T. Baker ------------------------------- Name: Gary T. Baker ------------------------------- Title: President ------------------------------- 7