ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT THIS AGREEMENT, made and entered into as of this 1st day of January,2000, by and between MOSSIMO, INC., 2450 White Road, 2nd Floor, Irvine,California 92614 ("Company"), and DAVID DUVAL ENTERPRISES, INC. c/oInternational Management, Inc., IMG Center, 1360 East 9th Street, Suite 100,Cleveland, Ohio 44114 ("Licensor"): WITNESSETH: WHEREAS, David Duval ("Duval") is recognized as a highly skilledprofessional golfer. WHEREAS, Company desires to obtain the rights to use the name, fame,image and athletic renown of Duval in connection with the advertisement andpromotion of its products as provided herein; WHEREAS, Duval has licensed all such rights to Licensor, along with theright to sublicense such rights to third parties. NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows: 1. DEFINITIONS. As used herein, the following terms shall bedefined as set forth below: (a) "Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing on January 1, 2000 and concluding December 31, 2003, unless terminated sooner as provided herein. (b) "Contract Year" shall mean the consecutive 12-month period beginning on any January 1st during the Contract Period. (c) "Products" shall mean casual apparel consisting of mens pants, shirts, sweaters, windshirts and raingear. (d) "Duval Identification" means the right to use, subject to the provisions hereof, Duvals name, fame, nickname, initials, autograph, voice, video or film portrayals, facsimile signature, photograph, likeness and image or facsimile image, and any other means of endorsement by Duval used in connection with the advertisement and promotion of Companys Products. (e) "Contract Territory" shall mean worldwide. (f) "Outerwear" shall mean the golf shirts, sweaters, windshirts and raingear worn by Duval when he plays professional golf. -1- (g) "Exempt Status" shall mean Duval has earned full playing privileges on the PGA Tour each year of the contract term. 2. GRANT OF RIGHTS. In consideration of the remuneration to be paid toLicensor pursuant hereto, Licensor grants to Company the right and licenseduring the Contract Period to use the Duval Identification solely in connectionwith the advertisement and promotion of Companys Products within the ContractTerritory as set forth herein. Licensor agrees not to grant the right to use theDuval Identification to anyone other than Company in connection with theadvertisement and promotion of Products. It is understood that Company may notuse the Duval Identification in connection with any items for sale or resale,other than Company Products as specified herein. 3. PRIOR APPROVAL. Company agrees that no use of the DuvalIdentification nor any item used in connection with the Duval Identificationwill be made hereunder unless and until the same has been approved by Licensor.Licensor agrees that any material, advertising or otherwise, submitted forapproval as providedsbsp;herein may be deemed by Company to have been approvedhereunder if the same is not disapproved in writing within ten (10) businessdays after receipt thereof. Licensor agrees that any material submittedhereunder will not be unreasonably disapproved and, if it is disapproved, thatCompany will be advised of the specific grounds therefor. If Company desiresimmediate approval of advertising material hereunder, Company shall have theright to directly contact Licensors authorized agent to obtain such approval.Company agrees to protect, indemnify and save harmless Licensor, Duval and theirauthorized agent, or any of them, from and against any and all expenses,damages, claims, suits, actions, judgments and costs whatsoever, arising out of,or in any way connected with, any advertising material furnished by, or onbehalf of, Company. 4. REMUNERATION. (a) In consideration of the rights herein grantedhereunder, Company shall pay to Licensor the annual fee set forth in theschedule below (the "Annual Fee"). Year Annual Fee ---- ---------- 2000 850,000 2001 850,000 plus amounts paid under Section 5 in 2000 2002 850,000 plus amounts paid under Section 5 in 2000 and 2001 2003 850,000 plus amounts paid under Section 5 in 2000-2002One-half of the Annual Fee will be due on or before January 1 and July 1 of eachContract Year. (b) As additional remuneration hereunder, Company agrees to payLicensor an Additional License Fee of One Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars(1,500,000) to be paid -2-in quarterly installments on or before January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1of the first Contract Year. (c) Licensor agrees that Duval must achieve and maintain Exempt Status on the PGA Tour throughout each Contract Year and must participate as a player in a minimum of fifteen (15) official PGA Tour events each Contract Year (Minimum Annual Performance Requirements). Licensor also agrees that the Additional License Fee set forth in Section 4 (b), is an advance payment earned at a rate of 375,000 on each annual anniversary date beginning December 31, 2000. In the event Duval does not meet the Minimum Annual Performance Requirements for a Contract Year, 375,000 of the Additional License Fee will be deemed to be unearned. Any unearned Additional License Fee is fully bbsp; refundable and due Company no later then January 31st of the following year. In the event the Company terminates the Agreement in accordance with Section 16, any unearned Additional License Fee will be fully refundable and due the Company as set forth in Section 16. 5. ADDITIONAL REMUNERATION. It is agreed that should Duval achieve anyof the accomplishments set forth in the following schedule during the ContractPeriod, then Company will pay Licensor the additional remuneration set forthbelow for each such accomplishment due to the increased value in the DuvalIdentification. Accomplishment Additional Remuneration -------------- ----------------------- PGA Tour Win 25,000PGA Tour 2-5 place finish 10,000World Championship Event Win 40,000World Championship Event 2-5 place finish 15,000Major Win (Masters, U.S. Open, British Open, PGA Championship) 100,000Major 2-5 place finish 25,000Named to Ryder Cup or Presidents Cup Team 15,000Player of the Year 40,000All additional remuneration will be due within thirty (30) days of each suchaccomplishment. Company agrees that all additional remuneration earned byLicensor during each Contract Year will be added to the Annual Fee for eachremaining Contract Year during the Contract Period. 6. PAYMENTS. Licensor may elect to have payments made by check, wiretransfer, or bank transfer. Unless such election has been made in writing, allpayments shall be made by check drawn to the order of "David Duval Enterprises,Inc." and delivered to c/o IMG Center, -3-1360 East 9th Street, Cleveland, Ohio 44114, Attention: Treasurer. Past duepayments hereunder shall bear interest at the rate of (a) one and one-halfpercent (1-1/2%) per month, or (b) the maximum interest rate permissible underlaw, whichever is less. All amounts herein are in United States Dollars. 7. MARKETING COMMITMENT. Company agrees that it will aggressivelypromote Duval and his association with Company and Company Products eachContract Year during the Contract Period. 8. SERVICES OF DUVAL. (a) If Company desires to utilize the services ofDuval as a model in connection with Company advertising to promote its productsor for personal appearances to promote Company, Licensor agrees, at the requestof Company to provide the services of Duval upon a reasonable numberbbsp;of days asmutually agreed upon and at places reasonably convenient to his schedule.Company agrees that it will reimburse Licensor for all reasonable travel,lodging and meal expenses incurred by Licensor or Duval in connection with suchservices. Company further understands that failure to utilize services of Duvalpursuant to this section shall not result in any reduction in payments toLicensor hereunder nor may the obligation to provide services be carried forwardor backward to any Contract Year. The obligations of Licensor to provideservices of Duval hereunder are subject to the condition that payments toLicensor are current and up to date. (b) Should Company use Duval in television advertising to promoteCompanys Products, Company will make all applicable required union scale andpension and welfare payments. Company and Licensor will mutually agree on theportion of the Annual Fee that shall be allocated for such broadcast services. (c) Licensor agrees to cause Duval to wear Companys Products sold byCompany when playing professional golf, and while participating in golfexhibitions and outings, upon the condition that Company supply Duval with suchamounts of properly fitting Products, in fabrics and styles approved by Duvaland Company, as Duval may reasonably request which are suitable for his use intournament competition. Company agrees to pay all charges in connection with thedelivery of such Products to Duval, including shipping charges, air freightcharges and customs charges. Company agrees to reimburse Licensors authorizedagent for all such expenses incurred by it in connection with the transfer ofsuch Products to Duval. (d) Licensor agrees that Duval will consult with Company as reasonablyrequested regarding the development of a Company golf line of Products or aDuval Signature Line of Products as mutually agreed upon. Company agrees thatLicensor will receive additional remuneration in connection with such golf lineor signature line, whether as a royalty or otherwise, as mutually agreed upon. 9. COMPANY IDENTIFICATION. (a) It is agreed that the logo or name ofCompany (or Companys subsidiaries as mutually agreed upon) (the "Company Logo")shall be affixed to mutually agreed upon locations of Duvals Outerwear,excluding the right sleeve which is reserved for one of Licensors othersponsors, which he wears when he plays professional golf. -4-Company agrees that it will be responsible for, and the cost of, affixing theCompany Logo on all such Outerwear. Furthermore, Company understands that ifDuval participates in a special team event where there is an official uniform,then Duval is permitted to wear such uniform during such event (e.g. Ryder Cup,Presidents Cup, etc.). (b) Company shall provide and maintain, at its own expense, commercialgeneral liability insurance and advertising injury coverage, with limits of notless than One Million Dollars (1,000,000.00), and shall cause such policy to beendorsed to state that Duval is an additional named insured thereunder. Acertificate of insurance evidencing such coverage shall be furnished to Duvalwithin thirty (30) days of the full execution of this Agreement. Such insurancepolicy shall provide that the insurer shall not terminate or materially modifysuch policy or remove Duval as an additional named insured without prior writtennotice to Duval at least twenty (20) days in advance thereof. 10. AUTHORIZED AGENT. Licensor hereby designates InternationalManagement, Inc., IMG Center, 1360 East 9th Street, Suite 100, Cleveland, Ohio44114, Attention: Charley Moore as its authorized agent for all purposeshereunder. All notices or submissions to be made or delivered by Company toLicensor pursuant to this Agreement shall be delivered to said address free ofall charges such as, for example, shipping charges and customs charges. In theevent that any such charges are paid by Licensor or by its authorized agent,Company agrees to make prompt reimbursement. 11. DEFAULT. (a) If either party at any time during the Contract Periodshall (i) fail to make any payment of any sum of money herein specified to bemade, or (ii) fail to observe orbbsp;perform any of the covenants, agreements orobligations hereunder (other than the payment of money), the nondefaulting partymay terminate this Agreement as follows: as to (i) if such payment is not madewithin ten (10) days after the defaulting party shall have received writtennotice of such failure to make payment, or as to (ii) if such default is notcured within thirty (30) days after the defaulting party shall have receivedwritten notice specifying in reasonable detail the nature of such default. Inorder to be a sufficient notice hereunder, any such written notice shall specifyin detail each item of default and shall specify the provision of this Agreementwhich applies to each item of default, and shall specify in detail the actionthe defaulting party is required to take in order to cure each item of default.The termination rights set forth in this section shall not constitute theexclusive remedy of the nondefaulting party hereunder, however, and if defaultis made by either party hereunder, the other may resort to such other remediesas said party would have been entitled to if this section had been omitted fromthis Agreement, subject to the terms of this Agreement. Termination under theprovisions of this section shall be without prejudice to any rights or claimswhich the terminating party may otherwise have against the defaulting party, andif Company is the defaulting party, Company shall be responsible for any and allpayments due under the terms of this Agreement in addition to other liabilitiesset forth above. (b) If Company shall become bankrupt or insolvent, or if Companysbusiness shall be placed in the hands of a receiver, assignee or trustee,whether by voluntary act of Company or otherwise, the Contract Period shall, atthe election of Licensor, immediately terminate. -5- 12. USE OF DUVAL IDENTIFICATION AFTER TERMINATION. From and after thetermination of the Contract Period all of the rights of Company to the use ofthe Duval Identification shall cease absolutely and Company shall not thereafteruse or refer to the Duval Identification in advertising or promotion in anymanner whatsoever. It is further agreed that following termination of theContract Period, Company shall not advertise, promote, distribute or sell anyitem whatsoever in connection with the use of any name, figure, design, logo,trademark or trade name similar to or suggestive of the Duval Identification. 13. TRADEMARKS. Company agrees that it will not file, during theContract Period or thereafter, any application for trademark registration orotherwise obtain or attempt to obtain ownership of any trademark or trade namewithin the Contract Territory or in any other country of the world whichconsists of the Duval Identification or any mark, design or logo intended tomake reference to Duval or to identify products endorsed by Duval. In the eventthat, prior to commencement of the Contract Period, Company has filed one ormore applications for registration of any such trademark, or otherwise hasobtained any rights to such trademark, Company agrees to cause such applicationsand/or trademarks to be assigned and transferred to Licensor forthwith. 14. RESERVATION OF RIGHTS. All rights not herein specifically grantedto Company shall remain the property of Licensor to be used in any mannerLicensor deems appropriate. Company understands that Licensor has reserved theright to authorize others to use Duval Identification within the ContractTerritory and during the Contract Period in connection with all tangible andintangible items and services other than Products themselves. 15. INDEMNITY. Company agrees to protect, indemnify and save harmlessLicensor, Duval and their authorized agent, or any of them, from and against anyand all expenses, damages, claims, suits, actions, judgments and costswhatsoever, including reasonable attorneys fees, arising out of, or in any wayconnected with, actions or omissions of Company, any advertising materialfurnished by, or on behalf of, Company or any claim or action for personalinjury, death or other cause of action involving alleged defects in CompanysProducts or services. Company agrees to provide and maintain, at its ownexpense, general commercial and product liability insurance with limits no lessthan Three Million Dollars (3,000,000) and naming Licensor and Duval asadditional named insureds. Within thirty (30) days from the date hereof, Companywill submit to Licensor evidence of such policy, requiring that the insurershall not terminate or materially modify such without written notice to Licensorat least twenty (20) days in advance thereof. 16. SPECIAL RIGHT OF TERMINATION. Company shall have the right toterminate this Agreement upon written notice to Licensor if the commercial valueof the Duval Identification is substantially reduced because Duval (i) hasengaged in illegal or immoral conduct resulting in a felony conviction; or (ii)fails an officially sanctioned drug test or is criminally convicted of any drugrelated offense. Any termination pursuant to this paragraph shall becomeeffective on the 30th day next following the date of receipt by Licensor ofCompanys written notice to so terminate. -6- 17. LIMITED LIABILITY. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,in the event Company incurs any expenses, damages or other liabilities(including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) in connection withthe performance or non-performance of any term or provision hereof, Licensorsliability to Company shall not exceed the remuneration, excluding reimbursementof expenses, actually paid to Licensor by Company. In no event will Licensor beliable for any indirect, incidental, reliance, special or consequential damagesarising out of the performance or non-performance of this Agreement, whether ornot Licensor had been advised of the possibility of such damages. It isunderstood that Duval is not a party hereto and has no liability hereunder butis an intended specific third party creditor beneficiary hereof. 18. WAIVER. The failure of either party at any time or times to demandstrict performance by the other of any of the terms, covenants or conditions setforth herein shall not be construed as a continuing waiver or relinquishmentthereof and each may at any time demand strict and complete performance by theother of said terms, covenants and conditions. Any waiver of such rights must beset forth in writing. 19. SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement shall be declaredillegal, invalid, void or unenforceable by any judicial or administrativeauthority, the validity of any other provision and of the entire Agreement shallnot be affected thereby. 20. ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit ofLicensor, and the successors and assigns of Licensor. The rights granted Companyhereunder are personal to it, shall be used only by it or its affiliate andshall not without the prior written consent of Licensor be transferred orassigned to any other party. In the event of the merger or consolidation ofCompany with any other entity, Licensor shall have the right to terminate theContract Period by so notifying Company in writing within sixty (60) daysfollowing Licensors receipt of notice of such merger or consolidation. 21. ARBITRATION/GOVERNING LAW. This agreement shall be governed by, andits provisions enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Ohio,without regard to its principals of conflicts of laws. In the event a disputearises under this agreement which cannot be resolved, such dispute shall besubmitted to arbitration and resolved by a single arbitrator (who shall be alawyer not employed by or associated with either party to this agreement) inaccordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American ArbitrationAssociation then in effect. All such arbitration shall take place at the officeof the American Arbitration Association located in Cleveland, Ohio. Each partyis entitled to depose one (1) fact witness and any expert witness retained bythe other party, and to conduct such other discovery as the arbitrator deemsappropriate. The award or decision rendered by the arbitrator shall be final,binding and conclusive and judgment may be entered upon such award by any court. 22. SIGNIFICANCE OF HEADINGS. Section headings contained herein aresolely for the purpose ofbbsp;aiding in speedy location of subject matter and arenot in any sense to be given weight in the construction of this Agreement.Accordingly, in case of any question with respect to the -7-construction of this Agreement, it is to be construed as though such sectionheadings had been omitted. 23. NO JOINT VENTURE. This Agreement does not constitute and shall notbe construed as constituting an association, partnership, joint venture orrelationship of principal and agent or employer and employee between Licensorand Company. Neither party shall have any right to obligate or bind the otherparty in any manner whatsoever, and, except as expressly set forth herein,nothing herein contained shall give, or is intended to give, any rights of anykind to any third person. 24. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This writing constitutes the entire agreementbetween the parties hereto and may not be changed or modified except by awriting signed by the party or parties to be charged thereby. 25. EXECUTION AND DELIVERY. This instrument shall not be considered tobe an agreement or contract nor shall it create any obligation whatsoever on thepart of Licensor and Company, or either of them, unless and until it has beenpersonally signed by a representative of Licensor and by a representative ofCompany and delivery has been made of a fully signed original. Acceptance of theoffer made herein is expressly limited to the terms of the offer. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to beexecuted as of the date first above written.MOSSIMO, INC. DAVID DUVAL ENTERPRISES, INC.By: /s/ Edwin Lewis By: /s/ David Duval ------------------------------- ------------------------------ Name: Edwin Lewis Name: David Duval Title: President and CEO -8-