EXHIBIT 10.28 MOVADO GROUP, INC. ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT WHEREAS, Movado Group, Inc. (the "Company") and the Trustees of theGrinberg Family Trust (the "Trust") entered into a Policy Collateral AssignmentAnd Split Dollar Agreement, dated as of December 5, 1995 (the "Split DollarAgreement"); and WHEREAS, pursuant to the Split Dollar Agreement, life insuranceprotection is provided to the beneficiaries of the Trust, upon the of the deathof the survivor of Gedalio Grinberg ("Executive") and Sonia Grinberg (Executiveand Sonia Grinberg are collectively referred to as the "Insureds") under a lifeinsurance policy issued to the Trust by the New York Life Insurance Company,Policy No. 45660373 (hereinafter referred to as the "Policy"); and WHEREAS, pursuant to the Split Dollar Agreement, the Policy is ownedby the Trust and collaterally assigned by it to the Company in order to securethe repayment of the amounts due to the Company in respect of the Companysloans to the Trust which have been used by the Trust to pay the premiums on thePolicy (such loans totaling 5,186,860 on the date hereof and being representedby a Demand Note, dated December 5, 1995, between the Company and the Trust (the"Demand Note")); and WHEREAS, Section XIII of the Split Dollar Agreement provides that itmay be amended at any time and from time to time by a written instrument by theparties thereto; and WHEREAS, Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of the 2002 (the"Act") prohibits certain public companies (including the Company) from directlyor indirectly making or arranging for an extension of credit in the form of apersonal loan to its executive officers on or after July 30, 2002; and WHEREAS, Executive and a Trustee and a beneficiary of the Trust areexecutive officers of the Company; and WHEREAS, counsel to the Company has advised the Company that thecollateral assignment split-dollar life insurance arrangement reflected in theSplit Dollar Agreement may violate the aforementioned prohibition on personalloans to executive officers set forth in Section 402 of the Act, in respect ofloans made to the Trust on or after July 30, 2002, although there exists noauthority on point and reasonable arguments may be made to the contrary; and WHEREAS, in order to best ensure that the Company does not violatethe aforementioned prohibition on personal loans to executive officers set forthin Section 402 of the Act, the parties hereto wish to (i) amend and restate theSplit Dollar Agreement, (ii) rename the amended and restated Split DollarAgreement the "Movado Group, Inc. Endorsement Agreement" (hereinafter referredto as the "Endorsement Agreement" or the "Agreement"), and (iii) transfer thePolicy to the Company in partial repayment of the outstanding 5,186,860principal balance of the Demand Note, with such repayment being in an amountequal to the cash 2surrender value of the Policy on the date hereof (4,595,591), and with theremaining principal balance of the Demand Note (591,269) continuing to besubject to the terms and conditions of the Demand Note. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration for the mutual promises containedherein, the parties hereto agree to amend and restate the Split Dollar Agreementin its entirety as follows: 1. Transfer of Policy; Partial Repayment of Demand Note. TheTrustees of the Trust hereby agree to promptly execute any and all documentsrequired by the New York Life Insurance Company (the "Insurer") and the Companyto transfer ownership of the Policy from the Trust to the Company in exchangefor the Companys agreement to promptly execute any and all documents requiredto reflect the partial repayment of the outstanding principal balance of theDemand Note, as described in the recitals above. 2. Ownership of Policy. Except as otherwise provided in thisAgreement, the Company shall be the sole and exclusive owner of the Policy. 3. Surrender, Withdrawals, Loans; Etc. Other than as specificallyallowed herein, the Company shall not borrow from, hypothecate, withdraw cashvalue from, surrender in whole or in part, cancel, or in any other mannerencumber the Policy without the prior written consent of the Trustees of theTrust. Unless the Company and the Trustees of the Trust otherwise agree, in theevent there is a complete or partial surrender or cancellation of the Policy,the proceeds payable as a result of the surrender, cancellation, withdrawal orloan shall be paid to the Company in an amount equal to the aggregate premiumspaid under the Policy since inception, and any remaining proceeds shall bepayable to the Trust. 4. Investment of Cash Values. If the Policy provides the policyowner with a choice of investment funds for the Policy cash values, the Companyshall select the funds in which to invest such cash values. 5. Payment of Premiums. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, theCompany agrees to pay premiums on the Policy as provided under the Policy. Inthe event this Agreement is terminated in accordance with terms of Section 11,the Company shall not be liable for any premiums owed on the Policy after thedate of termination. 6. Payment of Death Benefits. Upon the death of the survivor of theInsureds, the death benefit under the Policy (including any interest payableunder the Policy in respect of such death benefit for the period from the dateof death of such survivor until the payment of the death benefit) shall bedivided as follows: (a) The Company shall be entitled to receive an amount equalto the aggregate premiums paid under the Policy since inception less the amountof the then outstanding principal balance of the Demand Note (the "Company DeathBenefit"). (If the Policy provides for a death benefit equal to the sum of theface amount of the Policy and any cash account or accumulation value, theCompany Death Benefit shall first be paid from the cash account or accumulationvalue portion of the death benefit.) 3 (b) The Trust shall be entitled to receive the excess, if any,of the Policys death benefit over the Company Death Benefit. (c) If any interest is payable under the Policy in respect ofthe death benefit for the period from the date of death of such survivor untilthe payment of the death benefit, the Company and the Trust shall share in suchinterest in proportion that their respective share of such death benefit (asdetermined under Section 6(a) and (b) hereof) bears to the total death benefit,excluding any interest thereon. 7. Company Default. In the event of a "Company Default" (as definedbelow), the Trust shall have the right to require the Company to cure theCompany Default by notifying the Company in writing within sixty (60) days afterits receipt of notice of a Company Default, or if later, within thirty (30) daysafter a Trustee becomes aware of the Company Default. If the Company fails tocure the Company Default within sixty (60) days after being notified by theTrust of the Company Default, the Trust shall have the right to require theCompany to transfer its interest in the Policy to the Trust. The Trust mayexercise this right by notifying the Company, in writing, within sixty (60) daysafter the Company Default occurs. Upon receipt of such notice, the Company shallimmediately transfer ownership of the Policy to the Trust and the Company shallthereafter have no rights with respect to the Policy. The Trusts failure toexercise its rights under this Section 7 shall not be deemed to release theCompany from any of its obligations under this Agreement, and shall not precludethe Trust from seeking other remedies with respect to the Company Default. Forpurposes of this Agreement, a "Company Default" shall be deemed to have occurredwith respect to the Policy if the Company fails to pay a premium on the Policyas required under the terms of this Agreement within sixty (60) days after thedue date for such premium, or if the Company processes or attempts to process apolicy loan, or a complete or partial surrender, or a cash value withdrawalwithout prior written approval from the Trustees of the Trust. The Company shallnotify the Trustees of the Trust within five (5) business days of any eventwhich constitutes a Company Default. 8. Notice. All notices hereunder shall be in writing and sent bycertified mail with postage prepaid. Any notice to the Company shall beaddressed to the attention of the General Counsel, with a copy to the ChiefExecutive Officer, at the principal office of the Company at 650 From Road;Paramus, New Jersey 07652. Any notice to the Trustees of the Trust shall beaddressed to the Trustees of the Trust, 115 Central Park West, Apt. 4D, NewYork, New York 10023, with a copy to Andrew W. Regan, Esq. c/o Shearman Sterling, 599 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10022. Any party may changehis or its address by giving written notice of such change to the other partypursuant to this Section 8. 9. Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the entire agreement betweenthe Company and the Trust with respect to the subject matter hereof and containsall of the agreements, whether written, oral, express or implied, between theCompany and the Trust and supersedes any other agreement by and between theCompany and the Trust except to the extent specifically set forth herein. 10. Amendment. The Company may amend or modify this Agreement at anytime, but any such amendment or modification that would adversely affect therights of the Trust 4under this Agreement shall not be effective without the prior written consent ofthe Trustees of the Trust. 11. Termination. Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement tothe contrary, this Agreement shall terminate upon the Trusts payment to theCompany of the sum of the aggregate amount of the premiums paid under the Policysince inception (which amount includes the outstanding principal balance of theDemand Note). In the event this Agreement is terminated in accordance with thisSection 11, the Company shall transfer the Policy to the Trust as soon as isadministratively practicable. Payment of the foregoing amounts by the Trust tothe Company will be full repayment of the Demand Note. 12. Governing Law. Except to the extent preempted by EmployeeRetirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), all rightshereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of theState of New York without regard to its rules governing conflicts of laws, orthe rules of any other jurisdiction which would cause the laws of anyjurisdiction other than the State of New York to apply. If this Agreement isdetermined to be subject to ERISA, it is intended to be exempt from thereporting and disclosure provisions of ERISA pursuant to Section 104(a)(3) ofERISA and Department of Labor Regulation Section 2520.104-24. 13. Administration. If this Agreement is determined to be subject toERISA, it shall be administered by the Company, or its designee (the "PlanAdministrator"), which shall be the "named fiduciary" of this Agreement forpurposes of ERISA. The Plan Administrator shall have the authority to make,amend, interpret, and enforce all rules and regulations for the administrationof this Agreement and decide or resolve any and all questions, includinginterpretations of the Agreement, as may arise in connection with thisAgreement. In the administration of this Agreement, the Plan Administrator fromtime to time may employ agents and delegate to them or to others (includingexecutives of the Company) such administrative duties as it sees fit. The PlanAdministrator from time to time may consult with counsel, who may be counsel tothe Company. The decision or action of the Plan Administrator (or its designee)with respect to any question arising out of or in connection with theadministration, interpretation and application of this Agreement shall be finaland conclusive and binding upon all persons having any interest in thisAgreement. The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless the Plan Administratorand any Company employee to whom administrative duties under this Agreement aredelegated, against any and all claims, loss, damage, expense or liabilityarising from any action or failure to act with respect to this Agreement, exceptin the case of gross negligence or willful misconduct by the Plan Administratoror any such employee. 14. Claims Procedures. If this Agreement is subject to ERISA, anycontroversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be filedwith the Plan Administrator or its designee which shall make all determinationsconcerning such claim. Any decision by the Plan Administrator denying such claimshall be in writing and shall be delivered to all parties in interest inaccordance with the notice provisions of Section 8 hereof. Such decision shallset forth the reasons for denial in plain language. Pertinent provisions of theAgreement shall be cited and, where appropriate, an explanation as to how theclaimant can perfect the claim will be provided. This notice of denial ofbenefits will be provided within ninety (90) days of the Plan Administratorsreceipt of the claim for benefits. If the Plan 5Administrator fails to notify the claimant of its decision regarding the claim,the claim shall be considered denied, and the claimant then shall be permittedto proceed with an appeal as provided for in this Section 14. A claimant who has been completely or partially denied a benefitshall be entitled to appeal this denial of his or her claim by filing a writtenstatement of his or her position with the Plan Administrator no later than sixty(60) days after receipt of the written notification of such denial. The PlanAdministrator shall schedule an opportunity for a full and fair review of theissue within thirty (30) days of receipt of the appeal. The decision on reviewshall set forth specific reasons for the decision, and shall cite specificreferences to the pertinent provisions of the Agreement on which the decision isbased. Following the review of any additional information submitted by theclaimant, either through the hearing process or otherwise, the PlanAdministrator shall make its decision regarding the merits of the denied claimwithin sixty (60) days following receipt of the request for review (or within120 days after such receipt, in a case where there are special circumstancesrequiring extension of time for reviewing the appealed claim). The PlanAdministrator shall deliver the decision to the claimant in writing. If anextension of time for reviewing the appealed claim is required because ofspecial circumstances, written notice of the extension shall be furnished to theclaimant prior to the commencement of the extension. If the decision on reviewis not furnished within the prescribed time, the claim shall be deemed denied onreview. 15. Successors. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shallinure to the benefit of and bind the Company, the Trust and their respectivesuccessors, assignees and representatives. 16. Gender. The masculine pronoun includes the feminine and thesingular includes the plural where appropriate for valid construction. 17. No Contract of Employment. This Agreement shall not be deemed toconstitute a contract of employment between Executive and the Company, nor shallany provision restrict the right of the Company to discharge Executive, or torestrict the right of Executive to terminate employment with the Company. 18. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed by one or more ofthe parties hereto on any number of separate counterparts and all suchcounterparts shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument. Each partyhereto confirms that any facsimile copy of such partys executed counterpart ofthis Agreement (or its signature page thereof) shall be deemed to 6be an executed original thereof. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreementas of this 4th day of April, 2003. MOVADO GROUP, INC. By: /s/ Timothy F. Michno ------------------------------ Name: Timothy F. Michno Title: General CounselTHE GRINBERG FAMILY TRUSTBy: /s/ Efraim Grinberg ------------------------------------ Efraim Grinberg, TrusteeBy: /s/ Miriam G. Phalen ------------------------------------ Miriam G. Phalen, TrusteeBy: /s/ Alexander Grinberg ------------------------------------ Alexander Grinberg, Trustee