1 EXHIBIT 10.4 SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT --------------------- This Sponsorship Agreement is made between National ProcessingCompany ("NPC") and National City Bank of Kentucky ("NCB") effective June 30,1996 ("Effective Date"). WITNESSETH: WHEREAS, NCB is a member in good standing of Visa U.S.A., Inc.("Visa") and a member in good standing of MasterCard International, Incorporated("MasterCard"); and WHEREAS, NPC, pursuant to its arrangements with NCB, a memberof Visa and MasterCard, provides data processing, settlement and authorizationservices for merchants who participate in the Visa and MasterCard bankcardprograms (such activities being referred to as "Merchant Bankcard Business");and WHEREAS, NPC and NCB have concluded that it is in their mutualbest interests for NPC to continue to act as an agent of NCB for purposes ofproviding data processing, settlement and authorization services for merchantswith respect to their Visa and MasterCard transactions and in connection withsuch agency arrangement, for NPC to continue to use NCB for certain bankingrelationships; and WHEREAS, the parties desire to formalize the terms andconditions on which NPC will act as agent of NCB, and NPC will perform certainfunctions, for purposes of conducting Merchant Bankcard Business; NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, therepresentations, acknowledgments, and mutual agreements set out in thisAgreement and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiencyof which are acknowledged by the parties, NPC and NCB represent, acknowledge andagree as follows: ARTICLE I - MERCHANT PROCESSING, SETTLEMENT AND AUTHORIZATION SERVICES ---------------------------------------------------------------------- 1.1 APPOINTMENT AS AGENT. NCB appoints NPC, and NPC agrees toserve, as NCBs sole agent (i) to provide authorization, processing andsettlement services with respect to Visa and MasterCard transactions ("MerchantProcessing Services") to merchants who desire to receive Merchant ProcessingServices from NCB or NPC ("Merchants") and (ii) to enter into contracts withmerchants ("Merchant Contracts") for the provision of Merchant ProcessingServices as agent of NCB; provided, however, that nothing herein shall limitNPCs right to provide, as agent for other members of Visa and MasterCard,Merchant Processing Services to merchants who desire to receive such servicesfrom NCB or others. NCB agrees that NPC may use NCBs name and its BIN, ICA andany other Visa and MasterCard identification numbers to the extent necessary orappropriate to perform the Merchant Processing Services. 1.2 PERFORMANCE BY NPC. NPC shall have full responsibility forthe proper performance of the Merchant Processing Services under each MerchantContract except for the obligations and responsibilities which NCB assumeshereunder. Without limiting the foregoing, NPC shall provide authorizationservices to the Merchants, perform data capture services with respect to allcredit card transactions by the Merchants, submit such data to the applicableInterchange, process retrievals and chargebacks, and direct the settlement ofsuch transactions. In providing Merchant Processing Services, NPC agrees tocomply with: (i) all Visa and MasterCard Bylaws, Manuals, Operating Regulationsand other written materials as they may from time to time be amended which bindor apply to NCB as a member of Visa and MasterCard with respect to MerchantProcessing Services or to NPC as a third party processor with respect toMerchant Processing Services ("Rules"), (ii) all agreements between Merchantsand NCB with respect to Merchant Processing Services, and (iii) all applicablelaws and regulations, whether state or federal. NPC agrees to enter into anyagreements with Visa and MasterCard necessary to perform this Agreement 1 2in accordance with its terms, subject to the rights of NPC to terminate thisAgreement pursuant to Section 6.2. Without in any way limiting the foregoing,NPC agrees as follows: (a) any material containing any of the Visa Card ProgramMarks used by it in performing this Agreement will prominently identify NCB byname and city adjacent to such marks and, in identifying NPC, will specify thatNPC is acting as agent or representative of NCB; (b) any solicitation materialused by NPC shall clearly disclose that NPC is acting as agent or representativeof NCB; and (c) NPC acknowledges that it does not have authority to permit theuse of Visa Card Program Marks by any of its own agents. NPC and NCB agree thatthe foregoing clauses shall be deemed modified from time to time to reflect anychanges in Visas requirements applicable to NPCs use of Visa Card ProgramMarks and solicitation material or to the terms required herein. 1.3 MERCHANT CONTRACTS. NPC, as agent of NCB, shall beresponsible for establishing the terms and conditions of the Merchant Contracts,including all changes thereunder, subject to Section 1.7 below. Without in anyway limiting the authority granted in Section 1.1, NCB hereby authorizes NPC touse NCBs name to the extent necessary or appropriate in accordance with theterms of this Agreement to enter into and to renew Merchant Contracts, to modifyMerchant Contracts to the extent necessary to assign them to NCB, to perform theMerchant Contracts and to take other necessary or appropriate actions withrespect to the Merchant Contracts, all in accordance with requirements of Visaand MasterCard. As between NPC and NCB, NPC shall be responsible for all credit,fraud and other risks associated with each Merchant Contract. 1.4 AUTHORIZATION SERVICES. NPC, or its designated thirdparties, shall provide the Merchants with telephonic or electronic authorizationfor all Visa and MasterCard transactions exceeding any floor amount specifiedpursuant to such Merchants contract. 1.5 PROCESSING AND SUBMISSION TO INTERCHANGE. NPC shallprocess all data received by it reflecting the Visa and MasterCard salestransactions and any related return credits by the Merchants and shall submit tothe applicable Visa or MasterCard interchange networks ("Interchange")"Settlement Files" reflecting such transactions and directing the applicableInterchange to pay the net amount due to an account established by NCB for thepurpose of receiving all settlement amounts paid by Visa and MasterCard withrespect to the transactions processed by NPC pursuant to this Agreement andeffecting appropriate payments to the Merchants and NPC in accordance with thisAgreement ("the NCB Account"). 1.6 ACCOUNT SETTLEMENT. (a) PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS. NPC shall prepare and transmit to NCB, in a mutually acceptable format, instructions specifying the payments to be made from the NCB Account to the Merchants and to NPC pursuant to this Agreement (the "Payment Instructions"). Payment Instructions shall be delivered to NCB in accordance with the schedule and procedures established from time to time by the parties. (b) PAYMENT. In accordance with the Payment Instructions, NCB shall pay the Merchants on a timely basis the net settlement amounts due to them and shall credit NPCs account at NCB for the fees due to NPC hereunder. Such payments to Merchants shall be effected through mutually acceptable procedures which are consistent with the payment procedures established pursuant to the Merchant Contracts. NPC shall perform on NCBs behalf all of the administrative and bookkeeping functions necessary to effect payment in such manner. 1.7 DUE DILIGENCE BY NCB; NPCS STANDARDS. (a) DUE DILIGENCE PRIOR TO EXECUTION OF AGREEMENT. Senior management officials of NPC have met with senior management officials of NCB and have discussed with the NCB officials the credit and financial review procedures and standards used by NPC in deciding whether to accept or retain Merchants as customers for Merchant Processing Services, as well as NPCs experience with respect to any losses resulting from financial failures or fraud by its merchant customers. Schedule A attached hereto outlines the credit and financial review procedures and standards currently used by NPC. NPC represents 2 3 to NCB, and has provided NCBs senior management with financial information showing, that for 1994 and 1995 combined, the losses incurred by NPC as a result of financial failures or fraud by its merchant customers have averaged less than .60% of NPCs net revenues from Merchant Processing Services. (b) CONTINUING DUE DILIGENCE: NPCS RISK STANDARDS. NPC shall keep NCBs senior management advised of any material changes in the credit and financial review procedures and standards and of any material exceptions to such procedures and standards which may from time to time be made with respect to particular Merchants. NPC shall not make any such changes or exceptions until its management committee has approved such changes or exceptions after carefully evaluating the relative advantages and disadvantages expected to result from such changes or exceptions. NPC also shall continue to advise senior management officials of NCB on a timely basis with respect to any substantial loss (meaning any loss of 1,000,000 or more with respect to a single Merchant or 3,000,000 or more in the aggregate in any twelve month period) incurred by NPC as a result of any financial failures or fraud by its merchant customers. If NCBs senior management officials reasonably determine from time to time that any changes are needed in NPCs credit and financial review procedures and standards or in the implementation thereof in order to avoid any significant increase in NPCs losses from financial failures or fraud by its merchant customers, then NCB shall so notify NPC in writing, and NPC and NCB shall mutually agree upon, and NPC shall implement appropriate changes. (c) DUE DILIGENCE BY NCB FOR NPC PRICING STANDARDS. Senior management officials of NPC have met with senior management officials of NCB and have discussed with the NCB officials the pricing procedures and standards used for Merchants as customers for Merchant Processing Services. NPC shall keep NCBs senior management advised of any material changes in its pricing procedures and standards and of any material exceptions to such procedures and standards which may from time to time be made with respect to particular Merchants. NPC shall not make any such changes or exceptions until its management committee has approved such changes or exceptions after carefully evaluating the relative advantages and disadvantages expected to result from such changes or exceptions. If NCBs senior management officials reasonably determine from time to time that any changes are needed in NPCs pricing procedures and standards or in the implementation thereof, then NCB shall so notify NPC in writing, and NPC and NCB shall mutually agree upon, and NPC shall implement appropriate changes. ARTICLE II - AUTHORITY OF JOINT OFFICERS ---------------------------------------- 2.1 JOINT OFFICERS. In order to enhance NPCs effectiveness asan agent of NCB, the parties agree and acknowledge that it is desirable for oneor more officers of NPC to serve also as an officer of NCB (the "JointOfficers") so that such persons shall have clear authority to represent NCB onmatters relating to Merchant Processing Services. Accordingly, the Board ofDirectors of NCB shall elect the NPC officers named in Schedule B as ContractingOfficers of NCB only with respect to matters pertaining to Merchant ProcessingServices. From time to time during the term of this Agreement, the Board ofDirectors of NCB may elect other officers of NPC as officers of NCB in additionto or in lieu of the Joint Officers. The authority of each Joint Officer to actas an officer of NCB shall terminate immediately upon termination of thisAgreement or the termination or suspension of employment of that person by NPCfor whatever reason or the removal of that person by the Board of Directors ofNCB as an officer of NCB. 2.2 AUTHORITY TO REPRESENT NCB. Each Joint Officer or itsdesignated representative shall have authority to be the designated recipient ofall letters, correspondence and other material from Visa and MasterCard to NCBas a member which relate to Merchant Processing Services, to attend as NCBsrepresentative those meetings for members of Visa and MasterCard which relate toMerchant Processing Services, to maintain on behalf of NCB copies of allMerchant Contracts to which NCB is a party, to act generally as the NCBrepresentative with respect to Merchant Processing Services in discussions,meetings and otherwise between NCB as a member and Visa or MasterCard, and totake such other actions on behalf of NCB That may be required by applicable Visaor MasterCard rules to be performed by a member and that are necessary orappropriate in order to perform this Agreement and effect the parties intentwith respect to this Agreement. NPC shall keep NCB, or such other person 3 4as may be designated by NCB, advised of all material, non-routine actions takenon behalf of NCB by any of the Joint Officers and shall consult in advance withNCB or such other designated person with respect to any material, non-routineactions to be taken by any of the Joint Officers on behalf of NCB. 2.3 COMPENSATION. Except to the extent NCB and NPC otherwiseagree, all compensation of the Joint Officers shall be paid by NPC, and NCBshall have no obligation to compensate any of the Joint Officers. ARTICLE III - BANKING SERVICES ------------------------------ 3.1 MERCHANT PROCESSING - BANKING SERVICES. As soon aspracticable after the Effective Date NPC shall enter into agreements or makeother mutually acceptable arrangements with NCB pursuant to which NCB willprovide those banking services which are necessary for NPC to provide theMerchant Processing Services and which the parties wish NCB to provide. 3.2 AUTHORITY TO ESTABLISH BANK ACCOUNTS. Each Joint Officershall have authority to establish at NCB or any other mutually acceptablefinancial institution any deposit accounts on behalf of NCB as may be necessaryto provide some or all of the Merchant Processing Services contemplated by thisAgreement for such periods as NCB and NPC agree. No provision of this Agreementauthorizes or shall be construed to authorize any Joint Officer or NPC to incurany debt to NCB or any other financial institution, or to create any overdraft,which NCB is obligated directly or indirectly to repay. 3.3 LOANS AND OVERDRAFTS. Nothing in this Agreement shall bedeemed to create any obligation on the part of NCB to loan or advance to NPC anyamounts in connection with Merchant Processing Services for any period of time. ARTICLE IV - FEES AND EXPENSES ------------------------------ 4.1 CHARGES TO MERCHANTS. As between NPC and NCB, NPC shallreceive all fees, discounts and other amounts payable by Merchants for MerchantProcessing Services with respect to Merchant Contracts. 4.2 EXPENSES. NPC shall bear all expenses of maintainingfacilities and connections necessary to provide Merchant Processing Servicesexcept for the facilities and connection maintained by NCB for purposes ofeffecting payments pursuant to Section 1.6(b). In addition, NPC agrees to pay orreimburse NCB in full all interchange or issuer reimbursement fees on outgoingmerchant sales volume, as well as all fee assessments or charges imposed on NCBby Visa or MasterCard as a result of the Merchant Processing Services performedby NPC. Such fees shall be paid by NPC directly when due or shall be paid by NPCto NCB on the banking day immediately prior to the day on which NCB must paysuch fees. All such fees, assessments and charges for which NCB seeks payment byNPC shall, upon request, be documented to NPCs reasonable satisfaction as beingattributable to NPCs Merchant Processing Services. ARTICLE V - INDEMNIFICATION --------------------------- 5.1 INDEMNIFICATION. NPC agrees to indemnify, defend and saveNCB, its directors, officers and employees harmless from all losses, claims,judgments, awards, penalties, expenses and other amounts of any nature arisingout of: (a) NPCs failure to perform this Agreement in accordance with its terms, including, but not limited to, the failure to pay expenses, charges and other amounts in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, 4 5 (b) The negligent exercise of or the exceeding by any Joint Officer of the authority granted pursuant to this Agreement to act as an officer of NCB, or, (c) NCBs grant of authority to NPC pursuant to this Agreement,including, but not limited to, all court costs, investigation expenses and thereasonable fees and expenses of separate counsel for NCB selected by NCB,provided, however, that NCB shall not be entitled to indemnification as toamounts arising from the negligence or willful misconduct of NCB. ARTICLE VI - COMPLIANCE MODIFICATIONS ------------------------------------- 6.1 COMPLIANCE MODIFICATIONS. In the event that: (a) the laws, rules and/or regulations or any official interpretations thereof applicable to NCB as a National Bank or the Visa or MasterCard rules and/or regulations or any official interpretations thereof applicable to NCB and the matters covered by this Agreement are modified such that (i) any modifications in the relationship or transactions contemplated hereby between NCB and NPC or in the provisions of this Agreement are needed to comply with any such laws, rules, regulations or official interpretations thereof, or (ii) some or all of the activities contemplated by this Agreement are prohibited, or (b) Visa or MasterCard requires, as a condition to performance of this Agreement, that NPC enter into an agreement with Visa or MasterCard that NPC considers unacceptable,then at NPCs request, NCB will cooperate in making any modifications to thisAgreement and to the parties relationship hereunder to the extent any suchmodifications will permit NPC to continue processing, settling and authorizingbankcard transactions (or continue performing some of such functions) incompliance with the laws, rules, regulations or any official interpretationsthereof applicable to NCB as a National Bank and the Visa and MasterCard rules,regulations, and interpretations thereof and any contractual terms required byVisa or MasterCard and acceptable to NPC (any such modifications being referredto as "Compliance Modifications") provided that such Compliance Modificationsare reasonable and are not unduly burdensome to NCB, and NPC reimburses NCB forany additional costs reasonably incurred by NCB in connection with suchCompliance Modifications. 6.2 FAILURE TO MAKE COMPLIANCE MODIFICATION. If NPC does notrequest any Compliance Modifications or the parties cannot agree upon the termsof any Compliance Modifications, then either party may terminate this Agreementupon prior written notice to the other party effective at the later of: (a) thedeadline imposed by Visa or MasterCard for complying with any such rule,regulation, official interpretation or contract requirement or (b) 120 daysafter actual notice to NPC of such rule, regulation, interpretation or contractrequirement. ARTICLE VII - TERM AND TERMINATION ---------------------------------- 7.1 TERM. The term of this Agreement shall be five yearscommencing on the Effective Date and ending at the close of business on thefifth anniversary of the Effective Date. This Agreement shall automaticallyrenew for successive one-year terms unless one party gives the other partywritten notice of non-renewal at least six months prior to automatic renewal. 5 6 7.2 TERMINATION. Either party may terminate this Agreementwithout penalty and without prejudice to any claims arising prior to terminationas follows: (a) Upon the written agreement of both parties. (b) Upon the other partys breach of this Agreement provided the terminating party has given written notice of the breach to the other party specifying the breach, the action necessary to cure the breach and the breaching party has not cured the breach within five business days after notice is given of any failure by NPC to provide any funds required hereunder to be provided by NPC to pay Merchants or within thirty business days after notice is given of any other breach. (c) By NCB immediately upon NPCs voluntary filing of any petition or complaint seeking relief under any federal or state bankruptcy or other debt relief statute or upon an involuntary petition in bankruptcy being filed against NPC if such petition is not dismissed within sixty days after it is filed. (d) By NPC immediately in the event that any agreements between NCB and Visa and/or MasterCard or NCBs membership in either such bankcard association shall be terminated or materially limited which termination or material limitation would impair the ability of NPC to authorize, process or settle merchant bankcard transactions. 7.3 SURVIVAL. The provisions of Sections 3.3, 4.2, 5.1, 8.1and 10.6 of this Agreement shall survive any termination. No termination shallprejudice any claim or rights of any party which accrued prior to termination. ARTICLE VIII - CONFIDENTIALITY ------------------------------ 8.1 CONFIDENTIALITY. In performing this Agreement, each partywill have access to confidential information of the other. Each party agrees tohold in confidence and to instruct its employees and agents to hold inconfidence all information and materials, in whatever form, reasonablydesignated as confidential by the party requesting confidentiality. NPC agreesto comply with all laws and regulations relating to confidentiality of customerlists and other information which are applicable to NCB and its agents or toNPC. NCB agrees to comply with all contractual obligations of NPC actually knownto NCB and all laws and regulations applicable to NCB or NPC relating toconfidentiality of customer lists and other information. ARTICLE IX - NOTICES -------------------- 9.1 NOTICES. All notices which are required or permitted bythis Agreement shall be in writing and shall be (i) delivered personally to thedesignated addressee, (ii) sent by the United States Mail addressed to thedesignated person by certified mail, return receipt requested, all postageprepaid, or (iii) sent by overnight delivery service addressed to the designatedperson, all charges prepaid, or (iv) by other means such as facsimile machine ifthe designated addressee acknowledges receipt in writing. Notices shall beaddressed as follows:If to NPC: Louis Parker Executive Vice President National City Processing Company 1231 Durrett Lane Louisville, KY 40285-0001 6 7with copies to: Kurt Knipp Executive Vice President National City Processing Company 1231 Durrett Lane Louisville, KY 40285-0001If to NCB: Peter J. Barrick Senior Vice President National City Bank of Kentucky 101 S. 5th Street Louisville, KY 40202with copies to: Curtis M. Jacobs Senior Vice President and Counsel National City Bank of Kentucky 101 S. 5th Street Louisville, KY 40202Notices personally delivered are given when received. Notices sent by UnitedStates Mail, certified mail, return receipt requested, are given five businessdays after delivery to the United States Postal Service unless prior actualreceipt by the addressee is proven. Notice sent by overnight delivery service isdeemed given one business day after delivery to and acceptance by overnightdelivery service for next day delivery. Notices sent by other means andacknowledged are deemed given when acknowledged in writing. ARTICLE X - MISCELLANEOUS ------------------------- 10.1 HEADINGS. The headings are for information and are notpart of this Agreement. 10.2 ENTIRE AGREEMENT, MODIFICATION. This Agreement and theattachments to it represent the entire agreement of the parties with respect tothe subject matter of the Agreement. This Agreement may not be modified exceptby a written agreement which expressly refers to the Agreement and is signed byboth parties. 10.3 SEVERABILITY. If any section of this Agreement is deemedvoid, illegal or unenforceable, that section shall be severed and the balanceshall remain in effect. 10.4 GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement and its interpretationshall be governed by the laws of the United States and, to the extent notinconsistent therewith, by the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky withoutregard to conflicts of laws rules. 10.5 BINDING AGREEMENT, ASSIGNMENT PROHIBITED. This Agreementshall bind the parties, their successors and permitted assigns. Neither partyshall assign this Agreement or any rights under it except with the prior writtenconsent of the other. 10.6 MONITORING BY NCB. NPC shall admit properly identifiedand authorized NCB employees and agents onto its premises for purposes ofmonitoring NPCs compliance with this Agreement. It is understood that suchmonitoring will occur during normal business hours, will be preceded byreasonable notification to NPC, and must not interfere with NPCs normaloperations. 7 8 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to beexecuted by their duly authorized officers as of the Effective Date. NATIONAL PROCESSING COMPANY By: /s/ Mark D. Schatz -------------------------------- Name: Mark D. Schatz ------------------------------ Title: Vice President ----------------------------- NATIONAL CITY BANK OF KENTUCKY By: /s/ Peter J. Barrick -------------------------------- Name: Peter J. Barrick ------------------------------ Title: Senior Vice President ----------------------------- 8 9 SCHEDULE A to the SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT BETWEEN NCB and NPC dated June 30, 19961. BUSINESSES GENERALLY NOT SOLICITED. NPC does not generally solicit customers engaged in any of the following businesses, but in special circumstances it sometimes accepts customers engaged in one of these businesses. Such exceptions occur primarily when NPC acquires another processors customer base or when NPC enters into a processing agreement with an ISO/MSP which maintains merchant customers engaged in such businesses. - Telemarketing (In-bound or out-bound) - Pawn Shops - Door-to-Door Sales - Massage Parlors - Bail Bond Payments - Business operated out of Residence - Flea Markets - Fulfillment Houses - Timesharing - Travel Clubs/Packages2. DOCUMENTATION REQUIRED FOR MERCHANT CUSTOMERS - Merchant Application - all pertinent personal and business information, including previous processor - Site Visitation Report (when applicable) - Bankcard Agreement - signed by Principal/Officer - Personal Guarantee - signed by Principal (when applicable) - Business Financial Statements (when applicable) - Business and/or Personal Income Tax Filings if Financial Statements unavailable (when applicable) - Catalogues, Advertising Copy, etc. - as needed3. CREDIT REVIEW PROCEDURES. The following credit review procedures are completed by NPC before a Merchant is accepted as a new customer. These procedures may be repeated with respect to any existing Merchant customer if such Merchant has unusual credit card activity, unusual or higher than normal chargebacks, or if other circumstances arise which, in the judgment of NPCs management, warrant a new or on-going credit review. - Inquire against Terminated Merchant File - Obtain and Review Personal Credit Reports on Principal(s) (when applicable) - Obtain and Review Dun Bradstreet Report (when applicable) - Review of Financial Statements, Tax Returns and all other pertinent data (when applicable) - Investigation of previous processing relationship4. REASONS FOR DECLINING A MERCHANT. - Listed on the terminated merchant file - Insufficient credit history established - Significant derogatory credit - personal or business - Poor financial condition of business - Derogatory report from previous processor - Unacceptable line of business 9 10 SCHEDULE B to the SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT BETWEEN NCB and NPC dated June 30, 1996 NAME NCB TITLE ---- --------- Tony G. Holcombe Contracting Officer Kurt S. Knipp Contracting Officer Wayne A. Chatham, Jr. Contracting Officer 10