DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT by and between PEREGRINE/BRIDGE TRANSFER CORPORATION and NEON SYSTEMS, INC. TABLE OF CONTENTS Article 1 Definitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1Article 2 License Grant . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2Article 3 Pricing and Payment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4Article 4 Order, delivery and Acceptance. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4Article 5 Representations and Warranties of Licensee. . . . . . . . . . . 5Article 6 Representations and Warranties of Licensor. . . . . . . . . . . 6Article 7 Covenants of Licensee . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6Article 8 Covenants of Licensor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9Article 9 Indemnification . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10Article 10 Agreement Not to Compete, Confidentiality . . . . . . . . . . . 12Article 11 Audits. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13Article 12 Limited Warranties. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14Article 13 Liability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15Article 14 Term and Termination. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16Article 15 General . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18 EXHIBITS Exhibit A List of Products Exhibit B The Territory Exhibit C Sublicense Agreement Exhibit D Agreement for Trial i DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENTDISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made as of the 1st day ofJanuary, 1996 by and between Peregrine/Bridge Transfer Corporation, aDelaware corporation (the "Licensor"), and Neon Systems, Inc., a Delawarecorporation (the "Licensee").WHEREAS, Licensor is engaged in the development, support and licensing ofcertain computer software products, including without limitation the computersoftware products fisted in EXHIBIT A to this Agreement; andWHEREAS, Licensee desires to obtain from Licensor, and Licensor desires to grantto Licensee, the right to market and sublicense the Licensed Products (asdefined herein) in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in thisAgreement;NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants setforth in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the receiptand sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree asfollows. ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS1.1 "Customer" means a person or entity that has acquired, or has indicated its interest in acquiring from Licensee, or from a Redistributor if so specified herein, a non-exclusive and nontransferable Sublicense to use one (1) or more of the Licensed Products.1.2 "Documentation" means all visually readable materials published or made available by Licensor during the term of this Agreement for use by Customers in connection with the Licensed Products.1.3 "Emergency Fix" means a temporary correction of a problem in a Licensed Product reported by Licensee to Licensor that may take the form of a written instruction or magnetic or optical media.1.4 "Licensed Product" means any copy, or part thereof, of object code of the software products listed on EXHIBIT A attached to this Agreement, as well as any Upgrades or other material distributed to Licensee by Licensor in connection with such software products.1.5 "Master Copy" means the initial object code copy of each Licensed Product and of any subsequent Upgrades or other derivations distributed to Licensee by Licensor under this Agreement. 11.6 "Redistributor" means any individual or entity that is granted a license by Licensee to copy and sublicense one or more Licensed Products to Customers.1.7 "Sublicense" means the sublicense agreement to be entered into by Customers, the form of which is attached hereto as EXHIBIT C, or such form as otherwise may be approved by Licensor pursuant to this Agreement.1.8 "Sublicense Copy" means an object code copy of the Licensed Product that Licensee licenses from Licensor and inventories for sublicensing to Redistributors and Customers.1.9 "Territory" means that geographic area specified in EXHIBIT B attached to this Agreement.1.10 "Upgrade" means any revision, adaptation or new version of a Licensed Product which enhances a Licensed Product and which is offered by Licensor to registered users of that Licensed Product as an "upgrade." ARTICLE 2 LICENSE GRANTSection 2.1 USE OF MASTER COPY. Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a non-exclusive, worldwide right to use and reproduce the Master Copy of each LicensedProduct and the related Documentation during the term of this Agreement fortesting, demonstration to Redistributors. and Customers, support andmaintenance, if any, back-up and archive purposes.Section 2.2 SUBLICENSING. Licensor hereby grants to Licensee an exclusivein the Territory to (1) make Sublicense Copies and copies of the Documentationto meet the demand of Redistributors and Customers and (2) market and sublicenseSublicense Copies and copies of the Documentation, together with any copies ofpromotional and other materials which Licensor may produce or obtain from timeto time to assist Licensee in marketing and sublicensing the Licensed Productsduring the term of this Agreement by any one or more of the following means: (a) TO A REDISTRIBUTOR: To a Redistributor pursuant to a Redistributor Agreement containing substantially the same terms and conditions as are set forth in this Agreement (subject to Section 2.5) and a Sublicense with each Customer of Redistributor in accordance with subsection 2.2(b); or (b) TO CUSTOMERS: Pursuant to a Sublicense signed by the Customer.Section 2.3 AGREEMENTS FOR TRIAL. Licensee may make available the LicensedProducts or Documentation to any Redistributor or Customer who wishes to testthe Licensed Products on a trial basis so long as such Redistributor or Customerhas entered into an Agreement For Trial with Licensee in the form attached tothis Agreement as EXHIBIT D. 2Section 2.4 MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT AGREEMENTS. Licensee may make availableto Customers maintenance, support and upgrade services only under the termscontained in the Sublicense or other written maintenance and support agreementpertaining to such services.Section 2.5 REVIEW OF ARRANGEMENTS. Licensee shall not enter into anyagreement referred to in this Article 2 with any Redistributor or Customer untileach such agreement has been submitted to and approved by Licensor. Within five(5) business days after its receipt of any such agreement, Licensor shall notifyLicensee whether it approves or disapproves of the agreement and, if itdisapproves of the agreement, Licensor shall provide written notice of thereasons therefor, including any changes that would require to approve of theagreement. If Licensor fails to notify Licensee of its approval or disapprovalof any such agreement within such period of time, the agreement shall be deemedto be approved by Licensor.Section 2.6 TERMS OF AGREEMENTS. Licensee shall ensure that the terms of anyRedistributor Agreement and, to the extent a Sublicense must be modified tocomply with applicable law, any Sublicense executed in connection with theLicensed Products do not: (a) Diminish or limit any of the rights of Licensor in the Licensed Products or Documentation; (b) Diminish or limit the enforceability of the proprietary rights of Licensor in and to the Licensed Products or Documentation; (c) Convey any rights of ownership in the Licensed Products or Documentation to any individual or entity other than Licensor, except for the license rights granted in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; (d) Permit the use or duplication of the Licensed Products or Documentation, except as specifically provided in this Agreement or in the Sublicense; or (e) Permit disclosure of proprietary information regarding the Licensed Products or Documentation.Section 2.7 NATURE OF GRANT. Licensee shall not have any rights of ownershipor other proprietary rights in the Licensed Products or any Documentation byvirtue of this Agreement, except for the license grants set forth herein.Section 2.8 TRADEMARKS AND COPYRIGHT. Licensor hereby grants to Licensee anon-exclusive right to use the trademarks, service marks, trade names,copyrights, logos and designations (collectively, the "Marks") relating to theLicensed Products or the Documentation during the term of this Agreement in themarketing by Licensee of the Licensed Products, provided that such Marks clearlyindicate Licensor as the owner of the Marks whenever the Licensed Product orDocumentation is first mentioned in any written material referencing theLicensed Product and the proper symbol is used in a superscript following theMarks. Licensor promptly shall provide 3a list of all Marks held by Licensor that relate to the Licensed Products. Upon reasonable written request by Licensor, Licensee shall provide Licensor with samples of any use of the Marks of Licensor relating to the Licensed Products, including any documentation and object code copies of the Licensed Products that Licensee sublicenses to Redistributors and Customers. ARTICLE 3 PRICING AND PAYMENTSection 3.1 FEES TO LICENSOR. (a) Licensee shall pay to Licensor for each Licensed Product licensed to a Redistributor or a Customer a licensee fee equal to 50% of all revenues received (without deduction for value added tax, if any, but excluding any revenues for maintenance and support or upgrade services, which revenues are covered in paragraph (b) below) by Licensee under the Redistributor Agreement or Sublicense applicable to such Licensed Product. (b) Licensee shall pay to Licensor for maintenance and support and upgrade services provided under the applicable Sublicense or other written maintenance and support agreement with or approved by Licensee for each of the Licensed Products a fee equal to 50% of all revenues received (without deduction for value added tax, if any) by Licensee from a Redistributor or Customer relating to maintenance and support services or services for Upgrades or upgrades of systems for such Licensed Product.Section 3.2 TERMS OF PAYMENT. All fees due to Licensor under this Agreementshall be paid in U.S. Dollars. Fees due to Licensor from invoices rendered byLicensee during the first year of the term hereof will be payable one hundredand twenty (120) days after the date of the Licensees invoice to aRedistributor or Customer, as the case may be. Fees due to Licensor frominvoices rendered on or after the first day of the thirteenth (13th) monththrough and including the last day of the eighteenth (18th) month of the termhereof will be payable ninety (90) days after the date of such invoice. Feesdue to Licensor from invoices rendered thereafter will be payable sixty (60)days after the date of such invoice. Any amount that is not paid when due willbear simple interest from the date such amount is due until the date payment ismade at a rate equal to 10% per annum. ARTICLE 4 ORDER, DELIVERY AND ACCEPTANCESection 4.1 ORDER AND DELIVERY. Licensee shall deliver to Licensor productorders (or other documents of similar purpose and effect) in writing that aresigned by an authorized representative of Licensee and that list the quantity,product name, number, version, license fee and 4proposed delivery date for such order. Licensor shall ship Licensed Products and Documentation in accordance with Licensees product orders received and accepted by Licensor. Licensor shall ship Licensed Products and Documentation F.O.B. Licensors place of business. Licensee shall be responsible for all customs fees and other costs and expenses arising in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including costs and expenses related to packing and shipping the Licensed Products and Documentation and any freight and insurance charges, and Licensor may require Licensee to pay for such costs and expenses in advance of shipment of any Licensed Products or Documentation. Licensor shall not be liable to Licensee for delays in shipments due to causes beyond Licensors reasonable control. Licensor reserves the right to reject any product order, to cancel any product orders placed by Licensee and accepted by Licensor and to refuse or delay shipment thereof if Licensee fails to make any payments as provided in this Agreement or otherwise continues to fail to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement for thirty (30) days after delivery of written notice of such failure.Section 4.2 TIME FOR ACCEPTANCE. Licensee shall accept or reject theLicensed Products or Documentation within a ten (10) day evaluation period afterreceipt of such Licensed Product and the related Documentation by Licensee. IfLicensee fails to give Licensor written notice of its rejection of such LicensedProducts or Documentation within such ten (10) day evaluation period or Licenseeships such Licensed Products or Documentation to a Redistributor or Customer,then such Licensed Products and Documentation will be deemed to be accepted byLicensee.Section 4.3 REJECTION. If Licensee rejects any Licensed Product inaccordance with Section 4.2 because such Licensed Product fails to conform tothe Documentation relating to such Licensed Product, Licensee shall notifyLicensor promptly in writing to that effect and return all copies of suchLicensed Product to Licensor with a certification by an authorizedrepresentative of Licensee that all copies have been returned to Licensor orhave been destroyed and Licensor shall refund to Licensee the amount paid byLicensee to Licensor for such Licensed Products. ARTICLE 5 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF LICENSEESection 5.1 AUTHORITY. Licensee represents and warrants that it is acorporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the lawsof the State of Delaware and that it is duly qualified to transact business andis in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is requiredby applicable law, except where the failure to be so qualified would not have amaterial adverse effect on Licensee or the assets of Licensee. Licenseerepresents and warrants that it has all requisite power and authority to executethis Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thatthis Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Licensee and constitutesa valid and binding obligation of Licensee enforceable in accordance with itsterms. 5Section 5.2 ABILITY TO PERFORM. Licensee represents and warrants that it hassufficient facilities, resources and personnel to adequately perform itsobligations under this Agreement and that no existing arrangement, contractualor otherwise, will cause Licensee to breach the terms of this Agreement orprevent Licensee from fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement. ARTICLE 6 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF LICENSORSection 6.1 AUTHORITY. Licensor represents and warrants that it is acorporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the lawsof the State of Delaware and that it is duly qualified to transact business andis in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is requiredby applicable law, except where the failure to be so qualified would not have amaterial adverse effect on Licensor or the assets of Licensor. Licensorrepresents and warrants that it has all requisite power and authority to executethis Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thatthis Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Licensor and constitutesa valid and binding obligation of Licensor enforceable in accordance with itsterms.Section 6.2 TITLE TO LICENSED PRODUCTS. Licensor represents and warrantsthat it possesses all right, title and interest in and to the Licensed Productsand the Documentation and that the use of each of the Licensed Products and theDocumentation by Licensee, a Redistributor or a Customer will not in any wayconstitute an infringement or other violation of any copyright, trade secret,trademark, patent or other intellectual property fights or any proprietaryinformation or nondisclosure or other rights of any third party. Licensorrepresents and warrants that no existing arrangement, contractual or otherwise,will cause Licensor to breach the terms of this Agreement or prevent Licensorfrom fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement. ARTICLE 7 COVENANTS OF LICENSEESection 7.1 DUTIES OF LICENSEE. Licensee shall be solely responsible for theproper advertising, demonstration, shipment, export and collection of paymentrelating to the Licensed Products and Documentation in the Territory. Theduties of Licensee include without limitation the following: (a) Advertising the Licensed Product in appropriate media, contacting and developing Customers and prospective Redistributors by telephone and otherwise, providing information concerning Licensed Products to Customers and prospective Redistributors and advising such Customers and prospective Redistributors on the selection and use of the Licensed Products. 6 (b) Complying with Licensees warranty obligations as set forth in its agreements with Redistributors and Customers. (c) Sending at Licensees expense qualified and appropriate personnel of Licensee to participate in training sessions, which shall be conducted by Licensor from time to time without charge to Licensee for the benefit of Licensee and Licensees personnel. (d) Obligating each Redistributor to keep complete and accurate records of such Redistributors Customers, leads to prospective Customers, the number and type of Licensed Products licensed by such Redistributor and such related operating and financial data as Licensor reasonably may request from time to time for the sole purpose of monitoring the Licensed Products.Section 7.2 DOCUMENTATION. Licensee shall represent accurately andcompletely the Licensed Products to Customers as to quality, function, purposeand compatibility in accordance with the Documentation whenever the LicensedProducts are referenced, demonstrated or advertised. Licensee shall obtainprior written approval from Licensor for all materials other than theDocumentation to be used by Licensee in connection with trials, demonstrationsand agreements relating to the Licensed Products, and such approval shall not beunreasonably withheld or delayed by Licensor. Licensee shall give Licensor andany licensors of Licensor appropriate credit for the authorship of the LicensedProducts and Documentation at any seminar, trade show or other presentation ofthe Licensed Products.Section 7.3 EXPORTING AND SHIPMENT. Licensee shall obtain prior writtenapproval from Licensor and any required export licenses from the United StatesDepartment of Commerce, Office of Export Administration or other applicabledomestic or foreign governmental agency before exporting any Licensed Product orDocumentation from the United States. Licensee agrees and covenants to complyfully with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and to adopt suchpolicies and procedures in connection with, the exporting of the LicensedProducts and Documentation as may be required thereby. Each party to thisAgreement shall cooperate fully with the other party to this Agreement and anygovernmental authorities by giving consents or information or providing orexecuting such documents as reasonably may be required to comply fully with suchlaws, rules or regulations existing now or in the future.Section 7.4 TAXES AND TARIFFS. (a) Licensee shall pay any and all taxes (other than taxes on Licensors net income), tariffs, import and export duties or other fees imposed or assessed in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the delivery of Licensed Products and Documentation to Licensee and the shipment of Licensed Products from Licensee to a Redistributor or Customer. 7 (b) in the event that Licensee is required by law to withhold any form of tax, tariff or duty from any amount payable to Licensor under this Agreement, then Licensee shall provide Licensor with copies of all documentation required in connection with such withholdings and shall provide to Licensor all assistance requested by Licensor in applying for relief from such withholding obligations and in substantiating corresponding tax, duty or tariff credits or deductions which may be available to Licensor with respect to such withholding under applicable law.Section 7.5 BOOKS AND RECORDS. Licensee shall keep proper records and booksof account concerning the reproduction and sublicensing of the Licensed Productsthat are adequate to determine the amount of fees owed to Licensor and Licenseeshall preserve such records and books in a safe place for a period of five (5)years following termination of this Agreement.Section 7.6 MONTHLY REPORT. On or prior to the fifteenth (15th) day of eachcalendar month Licensee shall deliver to Licensor a written report certified astrue and correct by an authorized office of Licensee stating (a) each Agreementfor Trial entered into by Licensee during the previous calendar month, togetherwith the expected revenues, if any, to Licensee under each such agreement, (b)each Sublicense entered into by Licensee during the previous calendar month,together with the expected revenues to Licensee for each such Sublicense, (c)each Redistributor Agreement entered into by Licensee during the previouscalendar month, together with the expected revenues to Licensee for each suchagreement, and (d) a list of invoices, together with the dollar amounts thereof,sent by Licensee to each Redistributor and Customer during the previous calendarmonth.Section 7.7 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Licensee shall provide (but shall not beobligated to do so more frequently than twice annually) to Licensor financialstatements, credit ratings or other evidence of Licensees financial conditionpromptly upon written request of Licensor.Section 7.8 REPLACEMENTS. Licensee shall honor any proper refund orreplacement requests received for the Licensed Products from Redistributorspursuant to the applicable Redistributor Agreement or from Customers pursuant toa Sublicense. Upon receipt of any such properly returned Licensed Products,Licensor shall refund to Licensee the amount paid by Licensee to Licensor forsuch Licensed Products. Licensee shall instruct Redistributors and Customers todirect all refund requests directly to Licensee rather than Licensor.Section 7.9 MODIFICATIONS. Licensee shall not make any modifications to orderivations of the Licensed Products without the prior written consent ofLicensor, except in the case of an Emergency Fix. Licensee shall not reverseengineer or otherwise attempt to reproduce the source code of any LicensedProduct. In the event that Licensee makes any modification, alteration orenhancement to the Licensed Product or Documentation (including but not limitedto an Emergency Fix), such modification, alteration or enhancement, includingall intellectual property rights thereto, will be and remain the sole andexclusive property of Licensor. Any suggestions or changes desired by Licenseeto the Licensed Product or Documentation shall be made by 8Licensee in writing to Licensor and, if incorporated into the Licensed Product or Documentation, shall be the property of Licensor.Section 7.10 COPYRIGHT AND OTHER PROPRIETARY NOTICES. Licensee shall ensurethat the copyright, trademark and any other proprietary notices of Licensor orother legends contained in or on any copies of the Licensed Products orDocumentation remain in or on the original Licensed Product or Documentation andany copies of such product or documentation reproduced by Licensee. Theexistence of any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices in or on theLicensed Product or Documentation shall not be construed as a publication of theLicensed Product or Documentation.Section 7.11 NO ENCUMBRANCES. Licensee shall not engage in the lease,transfer, rental or loan of the Licensed Products or Documentation and Licenseeshall not allow the Licensed Products or Documentation to become encumbered byany means.Section 7.12 NO INCONSISTENT WARRANTIES. Licensee shall not, and shallobligate Redistributors not to, make or pass on to Customers any warranty orrepresentation on behalf of Licensor inconsistent with or in addition to thelimited warranty contained in the Sublicense.Section 7.13 DISPUTES BETWEEN LICENSEE AND CUSTOMERS. Licensee shall notifyLicensor promptly concerning any threatened legal proceedings between Licenseeon the one hand and a Redistributor or a Customer on the other hand and of anylegal notices served on, or legal actions commenced against, Licensee regardingthe Licensed Products or Documentation which might affect Licensor. Licenseeshall not institute proceedings or enter into a compromise with any third partywith whom it is in dispute concerning the Licensed Products or Documentationwithout the prior written consent of a duly authorized officer of Licensor,which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed by Licensor.Section 7.14 TRANSLATION. Licensee shall not translate any portion of theLicensed Products, including any Documentation, into any other language withoutthe prior written permission of Licensor.Section 7.15 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY REGISTRATION. Without the prior writtenconsent of Licensor, Licensee shall not register, apply for registration or inany other way attempt to obtain any intellectual property rights relating to anyLicensed Product, any Documentation or any part thereof or take any action thatmaterially and adversely affects such rights held by Licensor. ARTICLE 8 COVENANTS OF LICENSORSection 8.1 Licensor shall be solely responsible for delivering to Licensee aMaster Copy of each Licensed Product and Documentation and for the maintenanceand support of the 9Sublicense Copies and Documentation used by any Redistributors and Customers. The duties of Licensor include the following: (a) Delivering a Master Copy of each Licensed Product and Documentation, including any Upgrades as they become available, to permit Licensee to (1) make Sublicense Copies and copies of the Documentation to meet the demand of Redistributors and Customers and (2) market and license Sublicense Copies and copies of the Documentation, together with the copies of promotional and other materials which Licensor may produce from time to time in order to assist Licensee in marketing and sublicensing the Licensed Products during the term of this Agreement. (b) Employing a sufficient number of skilled technicians experienced in the computing industry and familiar with the Licensed Products and Documentation to provide adequate technical support and assistance to all Redistributors and Customers. (c) Providing competent instruction to Redistributors and Customers regarding the use and installation of the Licensed Products. (d) Providing information, including by means of telephone support, to Redistributors and Customers as to the proper procedures and persons to contact to enable the proper installation and operation of the Licensed Products and providing responsive answers to questions and problems regarding the use and operation of the Licensed Products. (e) Providing technical assistance in supporting the Licensed Products and correcting any errors in the Licensed Products on an ongoing basis. (f) Delivering to Licensee sample copies of all Licensors marketing and licensing materials relating to the Licensed Products in use in the United States of America for copying and distribution in the Territory at Licensees expense.Section 8.2 REGISTRATION FOR TRADEMARKS AND COPYRIGHTS. Licensor shall useits best efforts to register in its name all Marks relating to the LicensedProducts in the Territory and Licensor shall bear all costs of such registrationand the maintenance and enforcement of all such rights and shall notify Licenseefrom time to time of all successful and unsuccessful registrations. ARTICLE 9 INDEMNIFICATIONSection 9.1 INDEMNIFICATION OF LICENSOR. Licensee hereby agrees to defendand indemnify Licensor and Licensors officers, directors, employees,stockholders, agents and representatives 10against, and agrees to hold them harmless from, any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense (including reasonable legal fees and expenses incurred therein or in enforcing the indemnity), as incurred, for or on account of or arising from or in connection with or otherwise with respect to any breach of any representation, warranty or covenant of Licensee contained in this Agreement or any document delivered in connection herewith.Section 9.2 INDEMNIFICATION OF LICENSEE. Licensor hereby agrees to defendand indemnify Licensee and Licensees officers, directors, employees,stockholders, agents and representatives against, and agrees to hold themharmless from, any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense (includingreasonable legal fees and expenses incurred therein or in enforcing theindemnity), as incurred, for or on account of or arising from or in connectionwith or otherwise with respect to any breach of any representation, warranty orcovenant of Licensor contained in this Agreement or any document delivered inconnection herewith.Section 9.3 INDEMNIFICATION PROCEDURE. Promptly after acquiring knowledge ofany loss, action, suit, investigation, proceeding, demand, assessment, audit,judgment or claim against Licensor or Licensee, or as to which Licensor orLicensee may be liable, a party entitled hereunder to be indemnified shall givewritten notice thereof to the party obligated hereunder to provideindemnification. The indemnifying party at its own expense promptly shalldefend, contest or otherwise protect against any damage, loss, deficiency,liability, claim, encumbrance, penalty, cost, expense, action, suit,investigation, proceeding, demand, assessment, audit, judgment or claim made bya third party against which such indemnifying party has agreed to indemnify anyindemnified party, and each indemnifying party shall receive from theindemnified party all necessary and reasonable cooperation in said defense,including without limitation the services of employees of the indemnified partywho are familiar with the transactions out of which any such damage, loss,deficiency, liability, claim, encumbrance, penalty, cost, expense, action, suit,investigation, proceeding, demand, assessment, audit, judgment or claim may havearisen. The indemnified party shall have the right to control the defense ofany such third party proceeding unless it is relieved of its liability hereunderwith respect to such defense by the indemnified party. The indemnified partyshall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and toparticipate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counselshall not be at the expense of the indemnifying party if the indemnifying partyhas assumed the defense of the action with counsel reasonably satisfactory tothe indemnified party; provided that the fees and expenses of the indemnifiedpartys counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying party if (i) theemployment of such counsel has been specifically authorized in writing by theindemnifying party or (ii) such indemnified party shall have been advised bycounsel hat there is a conflict of interest or issue conflict involved in therepresentation by counsel employed by the indemnifying party in the defense ofsuch action on behalf of the indemnified party or that there may be one or morelegal defenses available to such indemnified party which are not available tothe indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying party shall not have thefight to assume the defense of such action on behalf of such indemnified party,it being understood, however, that the indemnifying party shall not be liable,in connection with any one such action or separate but substantially similar orrelated actions in the same Jurisdiction arising out of the same generalallegations or circumstances, for the 11reasonable fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys for the indemnified party, which firm shall be designated in writing by the indemnified party). The indemnifying party shall have the right, at its option and unless so relieved, to compromise, at its own expense by its own counsel, any such matter involving the asserted liability to a third party of the indemnified party. In the event that the indemnifying party shall undertake to compromise any such asserted liability, the indemnifying party shall notify the indemnified party promptly of its intention to do so. In the event that an indemnifying party after written notice from an indemnified party fails to take timely action to defend any such damage, loss, deficiency, liability, claimed encumbrance, penalty, cost, expense, action, suit, investigation, proceeding, demand, assessment, audit, judgment or claimed the indemnified party shall have the right to defend the same by counsel of its own choosing but at the cost and expense of the indemnifying party. In the event that the indemnified party defends such an asserted liability, it shall not compromise any such asserted liability without the written consent of the indemnifying party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed.Section 9.4 FURTHER REMEDIES FOR INFRINGEMENT. If Licensee is prevented fromits normal use of any Licensed Product or Documentation by injunction or courtorder arising from, relating to or in connection with any alleged or actualinfringement on the intellectual property rights of a third party relating toany Licensed Product or Documentation, then Licensor at its option and inaddition to the other remedies contained in this Agreement and at no expense,loss or damage to Licensee shall (a) replace such Licensed Product orDocumentation free of any such infringement, (b) modify such Licensed Product orDocumentation so that it is free of any such infringement or (c) procure for thebenefit of Licensee, whether by license or other release of claim ofinfringement, the fight to make Sublicense Copies and copies of theDocumentation to meet the demand of Redistributors and Customers and to marketand sublicense Sublicense Copies and copies of the Documentation. ARTICLE 10 AGREEMENT NOT TO COMPETE, CONFIDENTIALITYSection 10.1 NONCOMPETITION. Each of Licensor and Licensee understands andacknowledges that Licensor shall be entitled to protect and preserve the goingconcern value of Licensors business to the extent permitted by law and thatLicensor would not have entered into this Agreement absent the provisions ofthis Section 10.1 and, therefore, each of Licensor and Licensee agrees thatduring the term of this Agreement Licensee shall not engage in, represent in anyway or be connected with directly or indirectly any business competing with theLicensed Products.Section 10.2 CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. Licensee understands and agrees thatthe Licensed Products and any related information marked "Confidential"constitute valuable intellectual property and trade secrets of Licensor andembody substantial creative efforts and confidential information, ideas andexpressions belonging to Licensor. Licensor understands and agrees that 12any reports supplied pursuant to this Agreement by Licensee to Licensor relating to the Licensed Products contain proprietary information of Licensee. The Licensed Products and related information and such reports are referred to collectively in this Agreement as the "Confidential Information." Each party to this Agreement shall observe at all times complete confidentiality with regard to the Confidential Information of the other party to this Agreement held by such party and shall not permit or authorize access to or disclosure of any such Confidential Information to any other person or entity other than such partys employees and consultants who have executed confidentiality agreements with terms substantially similar to this Agreement. This Section 10.2 will not apply to any Confidential Information that is required to be disclosed by applicable law or any Confidential Information that becomes (a) public other than by virtue of a breach of this Section 10.2 or (b) available to such party from another source (other than any independent contractor engaged by such party to audit pursuant to this Agreement the records of the other party hereto) that is not subject to a confidentiality agreement with the other party hereto of which such party at that time is aware.Section 10.3 UNAUTHORIZED USE. Each party to this Agreement shall notify theother party to this Agreement promptly in writing of the existence of anycircumstances surrounding any unauthorized knowledge, possession or use of theConfidential Information by any person or entity other than the parties to thisAgreement and each of their authorized employees and consultants.Section 10.4 REMEDY. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,each of the parties to this Agreement understands and agrees that the remedy ofindemnity payments pursuant to this Agreement and other remedies at law would beinadequate in the case of any breach of the covenants contained in this Article10 and each party to this Agreement agrees that the other party to thisAgreement shall be entitled to equitable relief, including the remedy ofspecific performance, without posting of bond or other security, with respect toany breach or attempted breach of such covenants. ARTICLE 11 AUDITSSection 11.1 AUDITS. During the term of this Agreement and the five (5) yearperiod immediately following termination of this Agreement, Licensor will havethe right, at its own expense, to audit and examine Licensees records concerningeither (a) the reproduction and sublicensing of the Licensed Products and theresulting fees due to Licensor or (b) compliance by Licensee with itsobligations as to confidentiality under this Agreement. During the term of thisAgreement and the five (5) year period immediately following termination of thisAgreement, Licensee will have the right, at its own expense, to audit andexamine Licensors records concerning compliance by Licensor with itsobligations as to confidentiality under this Agreement. Any such audit shall beconducted during normal business hours, upon at least three business days priorwritten notification to the party to be audited stating the purpose of the audit 13and in such a manner so as to not unreasonably interfere with such partysbusiness operations. The auditing party shall keep any and all informationderived from any audits confidential. Such information is deemed to be"Confidential Information" within the meaning of Article 10. In relation tosuch information, the parties to this Agreement are subject to the obligationsand remedies set forth in Article 10. The auditing party shall not use suchinformation for any purpose other than the purpose of the audit as stated insuch partys written notification for such audit. If an audit of Licenseesrecords and books of account reveals that Licensee has underpaid the fees dueunder this Agreement to Licensor for the period under audit, Licensee shall payto Licensor promptly the amount of the underpayment. If the amount ofunderpayment for the period under audit exceeds five percent (5%) of the totalamount owed during such period, Licensee shall reimburse Licensor for all costsand expenses incurred by Licensor in connection with performing the audit. ARTICLE 12 LIMITED WARRANTIESSection 12.1 NO DEFECTS. For twelve (12) months after delivery of the MasterCopy of each Licensed Product to Licensee, Licensor warrants that the media inwhich the Licensed Products are stored shall be free from defects in materialsand workmanship, assuming normal use. Licensee may return any defective mediato Licensor for replacement free of charge during such twelve (12) month period.Section 12.2 PERFORMANCE. For twelve (12) months after delivery of anyLicensed Product to a Customer, whether Customer receives such Licensed Productfrom Licensee or a Redistributor, Licensor warrants that each Licensed Productwill perform as described in the applicable Documentation. If Licensee or anyRedistributor or Customer discovers any errors or discrepancies in the LicensedProducts from the Documentation during the twelve (12) month warranty period,Licensee shall notify Licensor promptly in writing of such error or discrepancyin sufficient detail to enable Licensor to recreate the error or discrepancy. If the error or discrepancy is found by Licensee prior to the expiration of theten (10) day evaluation period set forth in Section 4.2, such evaluation periodshall be extended ten (10) days from the date of receipt by Licensee of thecorrected Licensed Product from Licensor.Section 12.3 DUTIES UNDER WARRANTY. If Licensee or any Redistributor orCustomer discovers any error in any Licensed Product or discrepancy in anyLicensed Product from the Documentation that results in a material loss ofperformance in the Licensed Product within the twelve (12) month warrantyperiod, then Licensor shall provide Licensee with the correction or method ofresolving such error or discrepancy provided that Licensor shall not beresponsible for any error or discrepancy caused by failure to use the LicensedProducts as specified in the Documentation or any modifications made to anyLicensed Product by or on behalf of a party other than Licensor. If such erroror discrepancy is not resolved within thirty (30) days after Licensees 14written notice to Licensor, then Licensee as its sole remedy may (a) extend the correction period to a date which is agreeable to Licensor and Licensee or (b) return all copies of the Licensed Products to Licensor with a certification by an authorized representative of Licensee that all copies have been returned to Licensor or have been destroyed and that Licensee has not retained any copies thereof and Licensor shall refund to Licensee the amount paid by Licensee to Licensor for such Licensed Products. Licensee shall pay for all services rendered by Licensor in connection with the Licensed Products or Documentation that are not covered or at that time are no longer covered by the warranty described in this Agreement.Section 12.4 EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES. THE REMEDIES SPECIFIED ABOVE SHALL BE THESOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES OF LICENSEE REGARDING THE LICENSED PRODUCTS. LICENSOR SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND,EXPRESS, RAPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY ANDFITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. LICENSOR SPECIFICALLY MAKES NOREPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE SUITABILITY OF THE LICENSED PRODUCTS FOR THEREQUIREMENTS OF ANY REDISTRIBUTOR. OR CUSTOMER CONCERNING CAPACITY,INTERCONNECTIVITY, EXPANDABILITY OR PERFORMANCE. ARTICLE 13 LIABILITYSection 13.1 LIMIT OF LIABILITY. Licensors total liability to Licensee underany provision of this Agreement shall be limited to the amount actually paid byLicensee to Licensor for the Licensed Product giving rise to the liability. Theexistence of claims or suits against more than one Licensed Product shall notenlarge or extend the limit. The parties to this Agreement acknowledge thateach of them relied upon the inclusion of this limitation in consideration ofentering into this Agreement. IN NO EVENT SHALL A PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT BELIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT,INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE, OR INABILITY TO USE,THE LICENSED PRODUCTS OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LMTEDTO LOSS OF PROFIT OR OTHER MONETARY LOSS, LOSS OR INTERRUPTION OF DATA ORCONTUTER TIME, ALTERATION OR ERRONEOUS TRANSNUSSION OF DATA OR PROGRAM ERRORS,EVEN IF SUCH PARTY IS ADVISED IN ADVANCE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 15 ARTICLE 14 TERM AND TERMINATIONSection 14.1 TERM. This Agreement shall be effective until the earlier of (a)its termination in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14 or (b) thedate that is two (2) years after the date of this Agreement; provided, however,that this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1)year each unless a party to this Agreement delivers written notice oftermination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days priorto the end of the original or any renewal term or the parties to this Agreementdo not agree in writing to the Quota Amount referred to in subsection 14.2(b)(1)for any one (1) year renewal term at least sixty (60) days prior to thecommencement of such term.Section 14.2 TERMINATION.(a) Either party to this Agreement may terminate this Agreement: (1) Immediately upon written notice if the other party to this Agreement becomes insolvent, is the subject of a petition in bankruptcy that is not resolved within thirty (30) days, admits in writing its inability to pay its debts, makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, ceases doing business or attempts an unauthorized assignment of this Agreement; or (2) Immediately upon written notice if the other party to this Agreement performance of any obligation under this Agreement, including failure to promptly pay any amount due hereunder, and fails to cure such default within thirty (30) days after delivery of written notice specifying the default (with any termination as a result of Licensees failure to pay amounts due under this Agreement resulting in the acceleration of Licensees obligation to pay all sums due to Licensor under this Agreement).(b) Licensor may terminate this Agreement: (1) Upon ninety (90) days prior written notice if Licensee does not enter into Sublicenses and other agreements relating to the Licensed Products with Redistributors and Customers that result in fees payable to Licensor hereunder in an aggregate amount equal to or greater than the Quota Amount for any year during the term hereof. As used herein, the term "Quota Amount" means 50,000 for each of the first and second years of the original term of this Agreement and an amount agreed to in writing by the parties hereto in respect of any subsequent one year renewal term (provided that such amount equals or exceeds 50,000). If Licensor fails to deliver notice of termination pursuant to this subsection 14.2(b)(1) within six (6) months after the end of the term to which such termination relates, Licensor will be deemed to have waived such termination right in respect of such term (but not in respect of subsequent terms); or (2) Upon thirty (30) days prior written notice if Licensee enters into an agreement or other arrangement relating to the merger of Licensee with another entity, the acquisition of the majority of Licensees issued and outstanding capital stock or the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Licensee.Section 14.3 DUTIES UPON TERMINATION. Upon the termination or expiration ofthe term of this Agreement, the parties shall have the following rights andobligations: (a) Within five (5) days of written demand by Licensor to Licensee, Licensee shall return or destroy all copies of the Licensed Products and any materials associated with the Licensed Products in Licensees possession or control, except that Licensee may retain sufficient copies of the Master Copy of each Licensed Product in object code form to enable Licensee to meet its maintenance and support obligations to its Customers, if any. (b) Licensee immediately shall cease any use, reproduction, sublicensing or distribution of the Licensed Products or the Documentation. 16 (c) Within five (5) days of Licensors written request, Licensee shall certify in a writing reasonably acceptable to Licensor that except as set forth in this Agreement all copies of the Licensed Products and related material have been delivered to Licensor, destroyed or rendered unusable. (d) Licensee shall not use any Licensed Product or Documentation as part of any other product that Licensee may use, sublicense or distribute and Licensee shall cease any use of the Marks associated with the Licensed Products or Documentation. (e) All valid Redistributor Agreements and Sublicenses by and between Licensee and any Redistributors and Customers will remain and continue in full force and effect for the remainder of their respective terms, and at Licensors option Licensee shall assign to Licensor its rights in such agreements with respect to the Licensed Products or Documentation; provided that if Licensor fails to provide reasonable support to any Redistributor or Customer, Licensee may support such Redistributor or Customer without payment of fees to Licensor. (f) Licensee promptly shall account for and pay to Licensor all amounts due and owing pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and provide Licensor with all outstanding reports due under this Agreement. (g) Licensee immediately shall cease holding itself out as having any connection with any Licensed Product or Licensor, unless Licensee at that time has a connection with Licensor by reason other than this Agreement. (h) Licensee shall report to Licensor in reasonable detail the status of all negotiations with prospective Redistributors and Customers or leads to prospective Redistributors and Customers and all services which Licensee is obligated to provide to any Redistributors or Customers.Section 14.4 RIGHTS NOT EXHAUSTIVE. The fights and remedies of Licensorincluded in this Article 14 shall not be exclusive and are in addition to anyother rights and remedies provided by law or equity.Section 14.5 SURVIVAL. The provisions of Articles 9, 10 and 11, Section 7.5and this Section 14.5 and all obligations of Licensee to pay any amounts toLicensor under this Agreement will survive the termination of this Agreement. 17 ARTICLE 15 GENERALSection 15.1 NATURE OF RELATIONSHIP. The relationship existing betweenLicensee and Licensor is one of an independent contractor, and this Agreementshall not be construed as creating a partnership, joint venture, agencyrelationship or as granting a franchise under federal or any state law. Each ofLicensee and its officers, employees or other representatives shall not enterinto or attempt to enter into any obligation on behalf of Licensor. Licenseeshall not make any representations to any Redistributors or Customers withrespect to the Licensed Products and Documentation, including without limitationrepresentations as to any warranty, covenant or other terms or conditionsrelating to licensing of the Licensed Products, unless such representations aremade (a) in strict accordance with this Agreement or (b) with the prior writtenconsent of Licensor.Section 15.2 NOTICES. All notices and other communications hereunder shall bein writing and shall be deemed delivered (i) when delivered if deliveredpersonally or by overnight courier or telecopier with proof of delivery or (ii)three (3) days after such communication is deposited in the United States mailwith postage prepaid, if delivered, if mailed by registered or certified mail(return receipt requested) to the parties to this Agreement at the followingaddresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by likenotice): (a) if to Licensor, to Peregrine/Bridge Transfer Corporation 14141 Southwest Freeway, Suite 6200 Sugar Land, Texas 77478 Attn: President and (b) if to Licensee, to Neon Systems, Inc. 14141 Southwest Freeway, Suite 6200 Sugar Land, Texas 77478 Attn: President 18Section 15.3 INTERPRETATION. When a reference is made in this Agreement to anArticle, Section, subsection or Exhibit, such reference shall be to an Article,Section, subsection or Exhibit of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for referencepurposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation ofthis Agreement. Whenever the words "include," "includes" or "including" areused in this Agreement, such term shall be deemed to be followed by the words"without limitation." All accounting terms not defined in this Agreement shallhave the meanings determined by generally accepted accounting principles.Section 15.4 COUNTERPARTS This Agreement may be executed in two or morecounterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement andshall become effective when two or more counterparts have been signed by each ofthe parties to this Agreement and delivered to the other parties to thisAgreement, it being understood that all such parties need not sign the samecounterpart. For purposes hereof, delivery shall be deemed effective uponexchange of signed copies of this Agreement by facsimile, provided thatoriginally signed counterparts of this Agreement are transmitted promptly to theother parties hereto.Section 15.5 ENTIRE AGREEMENT, THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement(including the documents and instruments referred to herein) (a) constitutes theentire agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, bothwritten and oral, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matterhereof and (b) is not intended to confer upon any person (including anyRedistributor or Customer) other than the parties hereto any rights or remedieshereunder, except as provided in Article 9.Section 15.6 GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUEDIN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE SIATE OF TEXAS.Section 15.7 ASSIGNMENT. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights,interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of the partieshereto without the prior written consent of the other party to this Agreement;provided, however, that Licensor may assign this Agreement to a subsidiary orentity controlling, controlled by or under common control with Licensor. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be to this Agreement and their respective successors and permitted assigns.Section 15.8 SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement, or any portionof any provision hereof, shall be deemed invalid or unenforceable pursuant to afinal determination of any court of competent jurisdiction or as a result offuture legislative action, such determination or action shall be construed so asnot to affect the validity or enforceability hereof and shall not affect thevalidity or effect of any other portion hereofSection 15.9 AMENDMENT. This Agreement may be amended only by a writteninstrument duly signed by each of the parties hereto. 19Section 15.10 WAIVER. Any of the terms, covenants, representations, warrantiesor conditions of this Agreement may be waived only by a written instrumentsigned by the party to this Agreement waiving compliance. No waiver by anyparty to this Agreement of any condition or breach of any term, covenant,representation or warranty contained in this Agreement, whether by conduct orotherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be construed as a further orcontinuing waiver of any such condition or breach or a waiver of any othercondition or of the breach of any other term, covenant, representation orwarranty set forth in this Agreement.IN WITNESS WBEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of thedate first above written. LICENSOR: PEREGRINE/BRIDGE TRANSFER By: /s/ Charles E Noell ---------------------------------- Name: Charles E Noell -------------------------------- Title: General Partner ------------------------------- LICENSEE: NEON SYSTEMS, INC. By: /s/ F. Joseph Backer ---------------------------------- Name: F. Joseph Backer -------------------------------- Title: CEO ------------------------------- 20 EXHIBIT B THE TERRITORY The Territory included is worldwide.