CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST Portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. EXHIBIT 10.16 DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT BETWEEN INGRAM MICRO AND NETGEARNETGEAR Agreement Number: N115 Effective Date: March 1, 1996 Term: 1 YearIngram Micro, a corporation organized under the laws of the State of California,having a place of business located at 1600 E. St. Andrew Place, Santa Ana,California, USA, ("Distributor") and NETGEAR, Inc. ("NETGEAR"), a wholly ownedsubsidiary of Bay Networks, Inc., organized under the laws of the State ofDelaware, having a place of business at 4401 Great America Parkway, Santa Clara,California, USA, agree that the following terms govern the purchase, sale, andlicensing of Products (as defined below) between the parties.NOTICES:All notices given under the Agreement are to be in writing and may be sent bymail, telefax, courier service or otherwise delivered to the party to benotified at the following address, or to such other address as may have beensubstituted by written notice: To Distributor: To NETGEAR: 1600 E. ST. ANDREWS PL. 4401 Great America Parkway P.O. BOX 25125 P.O. Box 58185 SANTA ANA, CA 92799-5125 Santa Clara, CA 95052-8185 (???) Patricia Dutra-GerardDISTRIBUTOR AND NETGEAR ACKNOWLEDGE THAT EACH HAS READ THIS AGREEMENT TOGETHERWITH THE ATTACHED EXHIBIT, UNDERSTANDS IT AND AGREES TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMSAND CONDITIONS.AGREED: AGREED:Distributor NETGEAR, Inc.By: /s/ Sanat K. Dutta By: /s/ Joe Booker ---------------------- ----------------------- (authorized signature) (authorized signature)Name: Sanat K. Dutta Name: Joe Booker --------------- ---------------- (type or print) (type or print)Title: Executive vice President Title: Vice President General Manager Commercial Business UnitDate: October 16, 1996 Date: November 5, 1996Ingram NETGEAR Distributor Agreement 0830961. APPOINTMENTSubject to Distributors performance of its obligations under this Agreement,Distributor is appointed as a NETGEAR Distributor and may purchase certainequipment ("Hardware") and licenses for software including revisions and updates("Software"), as are listed in NETGEARs then-current price list (the "PriceList") for resale within the Territory (as defined below). During the initialone (1) year term of this Agreement. Distributor shall be the only distributorappointed by NETGEAR in the Territory, subject to Distributor conductingmutually agreed to marketing activities as described in the Marketing Plan to bedeveloped and agreed to by and between the parties and which shall be attachedto and made a part of this Agreement as Exhibit 4. For the purposes of thisprovision, distributor shall mean a company acquiring products directly fromNETGEAR for resale or license to dealers or other second tier resellers which inturn resell or license the products to end use customers. The foregoingnotwithstanding, during the initial one (1) year term and any subsequent period.NETGEAR reserves the right to sell or license Products in the Territory tocustomers other than distributors such as, but not limited to resellers whoprocure Products at centralized locations for resale to end-use customerssolely through their wholly or majority owned retail outlets, both store-frontand catalog. Following the initial one (1) year term, for any extension orrenewal term, Distributors appointment as Distributor shall be non-exclusiveand NETGEAR may appoint other distributors in the Territory at its solediscretion.2. TERRITORYExcept as may be otherwise provided by law, Distributor may not distribute orre-export any Products outside of the Territory identified herein as the UnitedStates without the specific written consent of NETGEAR. In the event thatDistributor wishes to expand the scope of the Territory and is able toadequately sell and support Products within the additional region, then upon theapproval of NETGEAR, the parties may choose by written agreement to modify theTerritory.3. ORDERSA. Distributor may purchase Products by placing orders under thisAgreement which are accepted by NETGEAR. No order will be effective untilaccepted by delivery of NETGEARs order acknowledgment. Distributor agrees thateach order placed with NETGEAR for Products shall be governed by this Agreement,regardless of any additional or conflicting term in Distributors order. Unlessotherwise specifically stated in the Order, all Orders accepted by NETGEAR shallbe deemed to be for immediate release. Orders may be sent by telefax or otherelectronic media approved by NETGEAR and must specify: (a) Distributors Purchase Order number, (b) Product and/or Service number and description for each item ordered; (c) Desired quantities; (d) Purchase price for each Product or Service ordered; (e) Tax status, including exemption certificate number if tax exempt; (f) Preferred shipping method; and (g) Exact "Bill to" and "Ship to" address.B. MINIMUM/STANDARD LOT SIZES. Products must be ordered in the minimumand/or standard lot size quantities specified in the Price Schedule. Orders forless than minimum or non-standard lot size quantities of any Product may, atNETGEARs discretion, be rejected.4. PRICES, PRICE LIST, TAXES AND PAYMENTINGRAM NETGEAR Distributor Agreement 2 083096A. PRICES. Prices for Produce are those set out in NETGEARs Price List,less the applicable discount specified in Exhibit 1. All Product prices areF.O.B. NETGEARs point of shipment, except as specified in Section 5 D.B. CHANGES. NETGEAR may modify the Price List at any time, includingchanges to the Products or their corresponding list prices, but NETGEAR willprovide Distributor with written notice thirty days in advance of the effectivedate of any price increase or Product deletion. Price decreases will apply tothe corresponding Products that art shipped by NETGEAR on or after the effectivedate of the list price decrease.C. INVENTORY PRICE PROTECTION. In the event of a list price decrease onany of the Products, Distributor may apply for a credit on those units ofProduct: a) which were shipped by NETGEAR to Distributor no more than [] priorto the effective date of the list price decrease and remain unsold inDistributors inventory or are being returned under open RMAs or are in theinventories of certain mutually agreed to Distributor retail accounts ("CMDNamed Accounts") as listed in Exhibit 3 to this Agreement on the effective dateof the list price decrease or b) which were in transit between NETGEAR andDistributor on the effective date of the list price decrease.The amount of the credit on any unit shall be equal to []. The foregoingnotwithstanding, in the event any of the Products were acquired under specialcompetitive pricing arrangements, the credit on such Products shall be [].In order to receive a credit, Distributor a) must submit to NETGEAR within []of the effective date of the list price decrease, a report of inventory eligiblefor the price credit and must have submitted its regular monthly inventoryreport on time, according to Section 11, in each of the [] prior to theeffective date of the list price decrease. Upon verification by NETGEAR of theeligible units and credit amounts, NETGEAR will issue a credit to theDistributors account.D. TAXES AND OTHER LEVIES. Prices are exclusive of any tax, value-addedtax, fee, duty or governmental charge, however designated (except for NETGEARsfranchise taxes or for taxes on NETGEARs net income) which may be levied orbased on the Products, their sale, importation, use, or possession, or on thisAgreement. All such taxes or duties shall be for the account of Distributor andany such taxes or duties required to be paid or collected by NETGEAR shall bepaid by Distributor to NETGEAR unless Distributor provides NETGEAR with a validcertificate of exemption acceptable to the appropriate taxing or governmentalauthority.E. PAYMENT. Except as may be specifically authorized in writing byNETGEAR, and subject to NETGEARs continuing approval of Distributors creditstatus and financial condition, Distributor will pay NETGEAR for all Productsordered by Distributor within [] of the date the corresponding invoice isissued by NETGEAR. The foregoing notwithstanding, the parties agree that paymentfor the initial order placed by Distributor under this Agreement shall be dueand payable within [] of the date the corresponding invoice is issued byNETGEAR. NETGEAR, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to specify, and tochange from time to time, Distributors credit line and payment terms. Allpayments are to be made in U.S. dollars. Payment for shipments made outside ofthe United States shall be made by wire transfer in accordance with wiretransfer procedures provided by NETGEAR. If at any time Distributor isdelinquent in the payment of any invoice, exceeds the credit line established byNETGEAR, or is otherwise in breach of the Agreement, NETGEAR may, in itsdiscretion, withhold shipment (including partial shipments) of any order or mayrequire Distributor to pay cash on delivery for further shipments. Payment notreceived by NETGEAR when due may be subject to a late paymentINGRAM NETGEAR Distributor Agreement 3 083096service charge provided NETGEAR has provided 10 days written notice toDistributor of Distributors failure to pay. The foregoing notwithstanding,Distributor shall not be deemed in default under this provision if Distributorwithholds payment of amounts legitimately in dispute on any invoice providedthat (1) Distributor promptly pays the undisputed portion of the invoice inaccordance with the terms of this Agreement; (2) Distributor provides NETGEARwith written notice of the disputed amount within 10 days of receipt of theinvoice; and (3) Distributor works in good faith with NETGEAR to resolve anydispute within a reasonable time period.5. SHIPMENT, CANCELLATION, RETURNS, TITLE, RISK OF LOSS, SECURITY INTERESTA. SHIPMENT. Unless otherwise instructed by Distributor, NETGEAR will shipProducts ordered by Distributor using the method and carrier specified inDistributors then current Routing Guide, as may be amended from time to time bywritten notice from Distributor. The version of the Routing Guide which is inforce on the Effective Date of this Agreement is attached to and made a part ofthis Agreement as Exhibit 2. Distributor is responsible for all freight,handling, insurance and other transportation charges, and agrees to pay all suchcharges if separately identified on NETGEARs invoice. NETGEAR will ship freightcollect, uninsured, if so instructed by Distributors order.B. CANCELLATION AND RESCHEDULING. Distributor may not cancel or rescheduleany order, in whole or in part, less than five business days prior to thecorresponding shipment date specified in NETGEARs order acknowledgment.C. RETURNS. Products received by Distributor as a result of an error byNETGEAR in shipment may be returned for credit. Such credit will include anamount equal to the purchase price of the Product shipped in error as well asthe cost of return freight paid by Distributor to return the Product to NETGEAR.Products with defects covered by the warranty may be returned for remedy underthe warranty. Prior to returning any Product, whether for exchange or warrantyor non-warranty action, Distributor must obtain a Return Materials Authorization(RMA) number from NETGEAR. Distributor should return the Product to NETGEAR,with shipping charges prepaid. NETGEAR will not accept collect shipments. AnyProduct returned to NETGEAR, which is not returned in accordance with the termsof this Agreement, may be refused.D. TITLE, RISK OF LOSS, SECURITY INTEREST. For all shipments to locationswithin the United States, title to the Hardware passes to Distributor whenpresented by NETGEAR or its agent to the carrier, from which point Distributoris responsible for risk of all loss, damage to, or theft of all Products. Forshipments to locations outside of the United States, (i) risk of loss of allProducts passes from NETGEAR to Distributor upon arrival at the point of entryin the destination country specified in Distributors order.6. SOFTWARE LICENSESA. INTERNAL USE BY DISTRIBUTOR. Distributor may purchase for its internaluse licenses to Software and accompanying documentation by placing orders underthis Agreement. Distributors right to use the Software is subject to the"shrink-wrap" license agreement with the Software and in its accompanyingdocumentation shipped by NETGEAR to Distributor.B. DISTRIBUTION OF SOFTWARE LICENSES TO END-USERS. Distributor may procureand distribute Software and accompanying documentation by placing orders underthis Agreement. The terms of the licenses for such Software to which end-usersare subject are included as a "shrink-wrap" license agreement with the Softwareand in its accompanying documentation when shipped by NETGEAR (theINGRAM NETGEAR Distributor Agreement 4 083096"License Agreement"). Distributor agrees that for each Software product itprocures under this Agreement, Distributor will (i) assure the deliver theLicense Agreement to its customers, and (ii) use reasonable efforts to informits resale customers of the requirement to deliver the License Agreement totheir end-user customers in the form supplied by NETGEAR with the Products.C. LIMITATIONS. Distributor may not, nor authorize its resale customers orthe end-user to translate, decompile, disassemble, use for any competitiveanalysis, or reverse engineer the Software or its documentation, in any way,except for the event where the end-user locates Products within the EuropeanUnion, in which case the Software Directive enacted by the Council of EuropeanCommunities Directive dated 14 May 1991 will apply to the examination of theSoftware to facilitate interoperability; in such event Distributor agrees tonotify, and cause its end-user to notify NETGEAR of any such intendedexamination of the Software and procure from NETGEAR its support and assistance.Distributor agrees to not translate, nor allow end-users to translate anyportion of the Software or associated documentation into any other format orforeign language without the prior written consent of NETGEAR. In no event willDistributor grant the U.S. Government rights in any Software greater than thoseset out in subparagraphs (a) through (d) of the Commercial Computer Software-Restricted Rights clause at FAR 52,227-19 and the limitations for civilianagencies set out the License Agreement; and subparagraph (c)(l)(ii) of theRights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 foragencies of the Department of Defense.7. WARRANTIESA. WARRANTY PERIOD. The warranty period for each Product is specified inthe Price List that is in effect on the date NETGEAR receives Distributorsorder, and shall apply regardless of any extended warranty period whichDistributor may choose to provide to its customers. NETGEAR reserves the rightto change a warranty period for a specific Product but only for orders placedafter the effective date of such change, provided that the minimum warrantyperiod for all Products is ninety days, except for those Products specificallyidentified in the Price List as provided " AS IS" with no warranties.B. HARDWARE WARRANTY. NETGEAR warrants to end-user that each item ofHardware will be free from defects in workmanship and materials for itsrespective warranty period which begins on the date of purchase by the end user.Should a Product fail within this warranty period, Distributor shall replacesuch defective Product from Distributors inventory and accept return of thefailed Product from Distributors customer. At intervals to be mutually agreedupon between NETGEAR and Distributor. Distributor shall contact NETGEAR toreceive a Return Material Authorization number for the collected failed Product.Upon receipt of the failed Product, NETGEAR shall issue a credit to Distributorfor Distributors purchase price of the replacement Product issued, less anyprior credits or allowances. End-users exclusive remedy is to receivereplacement Product from reseller and NETGEARs sole obligation and liabilityunder this warranty is to issue an off-setting credit to reseller for Productreturned by reseller on behalf of its end-user because of defects in workmanshipor material.C. SOFTWARE WARRANTY. NETGEAR warrants to the end-user that each item ofSoftware, as delivered or updated by NETGEAR and properly installed and operatedon the Hardware or other equipment it is originally licensed for, will functionsubstantially as described in its then-current user documentation during itsrespective warranty period. If any item of Software fails to so perform duringits warranty period, as the sole remedy NETGEAR of NETGEARs supplier will atits discretion provide a suitable fix, patch or workaround for the problem whichmay be included in a future revision of the Software. For specific Softwarewhich is distributed by NETGEAR as a licensee of third parties, additionalwarranty terms offered by such third parties to end-users may apply.INGRAM NETGEAR Distributor Agreement 5 083096D. DISTRIBUTORS INTERNAL USE WARRANTY. For Products ordered under thisAgreement for Distributors internal use, NETGEAR provides Distributor the samewarranties as described above for end-users.E. LIMITATIONS. NETGEAR does not warrant that any item of Software iserror-free or that its use will be uninterrupted. NETGEAR is not obligated toremedy any Software defect which cannot be reproduced with the latest revisionof the Software. These warranties do not apply to any Product which has been (i)altered, except by NETGEAR or in accordance with its instructions, or (ii) usedin conjunction with another vendors product resulting in the defect, or (iii)damaged by improper environment, abuse, misuse, accident or negligence.Replacement parts furnished under this warranty may be refurbished or containrefurbished components.THE FOREGOING WARRANTIES AND LIMITATIONS ARE EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES AND ARE IN LIEUOF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT ANY LIMITATIONWARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. ANY PRODUCTTHAT MAY BE FURNISHED BY NETGEAR WHICH IS NOT LISTED IN THE PRICE LIST, OR WHICHIS IDENTIFIED IN THE PRICE LIST AS AN "AS IS" PRODUCT, IS FURNISHED "AS IS" WITHNO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND.8. PRODUCT RETURNSPrior to returning any Product, whether for exchange or warranty or non-warrantyaction, Distributor must obtain a Return Materials Authorization (RMA) numberfrom NETGEAR. Distributor should return the product to NETGEAR, []. NETGEARwill not accept collect shipments. Any Product returned to NETGEAR, which is notreturned in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, may be rejected.9. PRODUCT EXCHANGE PRIVILEGESA. Distributor may return previously purchased Products for replacement byan equal or greater value of different Products, under the following conditions: a) Distributor may return Products only within the [] period following[] of each year. b) The total value of the returned Products shall not exceed [] of theNet Shipments invoiced by NETGEAR for all Products, [], during the []immediately preceding each of the above dates. c) The replacement Products are not identical to the returned Products.Distributor shall be invoiced for the replacement Products at prices in effectat the time of return, and credited for the value of the returned products atthe prices actually paid by the Distributor less any prior credits. d) The returned Products have not been in the Distributors inventoryfor more than [] after shipment from NETGEAR. e) The returned Products are in their original shipping containers andhave not been altered, damaged or used.10. DISTRIBUTORS RESPONSIBILITIESINGRAM NETGEAR Distributor Agreement 6 083096A. PROMOTION AND SALE. Distributor shall sell or license Products only toresale customers which will in-turn resell or transfer the licenses to thoseProducts to end use customers. Distributor may not sell or license Productsdirectly to end use customers without the express written consent of NETGEAR.Distributor agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to maximize sales ofNETGEAR Products.B. SUPPORT. Distributor shall be the sole point of contact for its resalecustomers and their end-use customers in all support situations. Distributorshall provide first level support for its customers, NETGEAR shall providesecond and third level support to Distributor in order to resolve end usertechnical problems.C. TRAINING. Distributor agrees to maintain, and to adequately andthoroughly train on an on-going basis, a sufficient staff of qualified sales,marketing, technical and support personnel familiar with the applications,features, benefits, operation and configuration of the Products so as toeffectively promote and support the Products and to assure end-usersatisfaction. NETGEAR agrees to provide assistance to Distributor to allowDistributor to comply with the foregoing training responsibility.D. RESTRICTION ON APPOINTMENT OF ADDITIONAL DISTRIBUTORS. NETGEARsagreement not to appoint additional distributors of NETGEAR Products in theTerritory during the [] of this Agreement is predicated upon Distributorperforming the mutually agreed upon activities included in the Marketing Planattached as Exhibit 4. In the event Distributor fails to perform the activitiesincluded in the Marketing plan in [], NETGEAR may appoint additionaldistributors in the Territory and the provisions of this Agreement appointingDistributor as the only NETGEAR distributor in the Territory shall be deemeddeleted.11. REPORTSA. Each month Distributor shall submit a Point of Sale (POS) shipmentsreport covering the preceding month, broken out by Product. The report may besubmitted via BBS and shall include, at a minimum, Distributors resellersname, address, part number, quantity shipped and unit cost.B. Each month Distributor shall prepare and forward to NETGEAR a weeklyreport showing Distributors inventory of the Products purchased and licensedfrom NETGEAR as of the end of the previous calendar month. The report may besubmitted via BBS and shall include, at a minimum the part number and the numberof units and purchase value of the inventory remaining by Product.C. From time to time, but not more than twice per year, NETGEAR mayrequest access to information about the Distributors business reasonablyrequired to insure that Distributor is in compliance with the terms of thisAgreement and the Distributor will grant the right for a NETGEAR representativeto visit the Distributors place of business during normal business hours at amutually agreed upon time to examine such information.12. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AND INFORMATIONA. USE OF PROPRIETARY INFORMATION. "Proprietary information includes,without limitation, diagnostics, the Software, all documentation for Software,other user manuals, as well as electronically and visually transmitted printedmaterials and information disclosed by Distributor or NETGEAR, such as newproduct information, financial or technical data, information reported undersection II above or other information or data that is marked with a proprietaryor confidential legend. Each party agrees to hold the Proprietary Information ofthe other in confidence and to use the Proprietary Information only for thepurposes expressly permitted under this Agreement, and to disclose ProprietaryInformation only to its employees and contractors as authorized in thisAgreement and then only on a need-to-know basis. Each party agrees to maintainadequate internal procedures, including appropriate agreements with employeesand authorized third parties, to protect the confidentiality of theINGRAM NETGEAR Distributor Agreement 7 083096Proprietary Information as required by this Agreement. Each party is entitled toappropriate injunctive relief in the event of any unauthorized disclosure or useof its Proprietary Information by the other party.B. LIMITATIONS. Proprietary Information does not include information which(i) is rightfully in the receiving partys possession in a complete and tangibleform before it is received from the disclosing party, (ii) is or becomes amatter of public knowledge through no fault of the receiving party, (iii) isrightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restrictionon disclosure or use, or (iv) is independently developed by the receiving partywithout use of or reference to the disclosing partys Proprietary Information.D. RESERVATION OF RIGHTS. NETGEAR, on behalf of itself and its suppliers,reserves all proprietary rights in and to (i) all designs, engineering details,and other data pertaining to the Products, (ii) all original works, computerprograms, fixes, updates (but not Distributors or end-users developedprograms), discoveries, inventions, patents, know-how and techniques arising outof work done wholly or in part by NETGEAR or its subcontractors in connectionwith the Agreement, and (iii) any and all products developed as a result of suchwork. The performance by NETGEAR of professional Services shall not be deemed awork-for-hire but shall instead be subject to this section.E. ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEDURES. Distributor and end-users are eachresponsible for the security of their own proprietary and confidentialinformation and for maintaining adequate procedures apart from the Products toreconstruct lost or altered files, data or programs.13. TRADEMARKS AND TRADE NAMESA. USE OF TRADEMARKS. In the advertising and promotion of the Products,Distributor agrees to use NETGEARs and certain of Bay Networks trade names,logos and trademarks (the "Trademarks") as reasonably instructed by NETGEARduring the term of the Agreement. Solely for this purpose, NETGEAR and BayNetworks grant Distributor a non-exclusive, royalty-free, limited right to usethe Trademarks. Distributor will not make or permit the removal or modificationof any Trademarks or tags, proprietary notices, labels, or other identifyingmarks placed by Bay Networks, NETGEAR or their agents on the Products orassociated literature.B. RIGHTS TO TRADEMARKS. Distributor acknowledges that Bay Networks is theexclusive owner of the Trademarks and the use of the Trademarks by Distributordoes not convey to Distributor any right, title or interest in or to theTrademarks. Distributor has no claim or right in the Trademarks, service marks,or trade names owned, used or claimed now or in the future by NETGEAR.Distributor agrees that it will not register, nor attempt to register anyTrademark or any mark confusingly similar to any Trademark in any jurisdictionunless expressly approved in writing by Bay Networks in advance.C. NOTIFICATION. In order to assure proper use and protection ofTrademarks, Distributor agrees to inform NETGEAR in writing if Distributorpurchases, or is offered for purchase, any Products with a Trademark or othermark of NETGEAR from a source other than NETGEAR, its subsidiaries, or anauthorized NETGEAR Distributor.14. CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENTA. INDEMNIFICATION. NETGEAR agrees to defend at its own expense any actionbrought against Distributor to the extent that it is based on a claim that anyProduct infringes a United States or Territory patent, copyright, trade mark,trade secret or other valid intellectual property right, and will pay any costsand damages finally awarded against Distributor in any such actions which areattributable to any such claim. NETGEAR shall have no liability for anysettlement or compromise made without its prior written consent. NETGEAR shall,at its option and expense, (1) procure the right to continue using the Product.INGRAM NETGEAR Distributor Agreement 8 083096(2) replace or modify the Product so that it becomes non-infringing or, if (1)or (2) are not reasonably or economically possible. (3) Distributor may returnthe Product to NETGEAR for a refund of an amount equal to the depreciated valueof the equipment, or an amount equal to the Distributors actual purchase pricepaid without any depreciation minus any prior credits or allowances if thereturned Products are in their original shipping containers and have not beenaltered, damaged or used.B. LIMITATIONS. NETGEAR has no liability to Distributor under this sectionentitled CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT with respect to any claim which is based upon orresults from (i) the combination of any Product with any equipment, device,firmware or software not furnished by NETGEAR, or (ii) any modification of anyProduct by a party other than NETGEAR. (iii) Distributors failure to install orhave installed changes, revisions or updates as instructed by NETGEAR, or (iv)NETGEARs compliance with Distributors or end-users specifications, designs orinstructions.15. TERM OF AGREEMENT AND TERMINATIONA. TERM. This Agreement will be in effect for one year from the EffectiveDate and will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unlessterminated as provided below.B. TERMINATION. This Agreement may be canceled at any time without cause,by either party upon ninety (90) days written notice to the other party. Eitherparty may terminate this Agreement immediately if (i) the other party becomesinsolvent, files or has filed against it a petition in bankruptcy, or ceasesdoing business; or (ii) the other party fails to cure a material breach of theAgreement within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice of such breachfrom the party not in default. Upon termination of the Agreement by NETGEAR forDistributors breach, NETGEAR may cancel all of Distributors unfulfilled orderswithout further obligation. This Agreement may be terminated at any time withoutcause by either party upon ninety (90) days written notice to the other party.C. EFFECT OF TERMINATION. Except as otherwise specifically stated in theAgreement, neither party will be liable to the other for damages in any form byreason of the expiration or earlier termination of the Agreement.D. CONTINUING EFFECT. Any expiration or earlier termination of theAgreement does not modify or alter any of the obligations of the parties whichaccrued prior to such expiration or termination. The sections of the Agreementwhich address taxes; duty; fee; payment; security interest; proprietary rightsand information; warranties; foreign reshipment; remedies; limitations;termination and governing law survive any expiration or termination of theAgreement. The section entitled SOFTWARE LICENSES also survives any expirationor termination provided Distributor and end-users continues to comply with theprovisions of the applicable software license terms. Except as expressly agreedin writing between the parties, no party is liable to the other for any dollaramounts, costs or damages by reason of the expiration or earlier termination ofthe Agreement.16. LIMITATION OF LIABILITYA. NETGEAR agrees to indemnify Distributor against any claim arising outof or resulting from the Products or the Agreement, provided that any such claim(i) is attributable to bodily injury, death, or to injury to or destruction ofphysical property (other than the Products), and (ii) is caused by the negligentact or omission of NETGEAR or a material defect in the Product. This obligationon the part of NETGEAR is subject to Distributors obligation to (a) giveNETGEAR prompt written notice of any such claim, (b) grant NETGEAR control ofthe defense and settlement of such claim, and (c) assist fully in the defenseprovided that NETGEAR reimburses Distributors out-of pocket costs. NETGEAR hasno liability for any settlement or compromise made without its prior writtenconsent. Under no circumstancesINGRAM NETGEAR Distributor AGREEMENT 9 083096is NETGEAR liable for any third-party claims except for those described in thissection and in the section entitled CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT.B. NETGEAR, at its expense, agrees to maintain insurance coverage toprotect against its liabilities under the Agreement in an amount no less than isreasonable or required by applicable statute. This insurance will include (a)workers compensation insurance, (b) comprehensive general liability insurance,including coverage for product liability, bodily injury and property damage, and(c) automobile liability insurance. Upon Distributors written request, NETGEARwill furnish the applicable certificate of insurance.IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY OR THEIR RESPECTIVE PARENT CORPORATIONS ORSUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR (1) THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE PROCUREMENT, SPECIAL,INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR (2) ANY DAMAGES RESULTINGFROM INACCURATE OR LOST DATA OR LOSS OF USE OR PROFITS ARISING OUT OF OR INCONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, THE FURNISHING OF SERVICES, OR THE USE ORPERFORMANCE OF PRODUCTS, EVEN IF INFORMED OF SUCH DAMAGES. EXCEPT FOR DAMAGESARISING UNDER SECTIONS 14.A AND 16.A, IN NO EVENT WILL NETGEARs OR BAYNETWORKS TOTAL LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES IN ANY ACTION BASED ON OR ARISING OUTOF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT EXCEED THE [] TO NETGEAR PURSUANT TO THEAGREEMENT. EXCEPT FOR DAMAGES ARISING FROM BREACH OF SECTIONS 6.C AND 12,13 OR17, IN NO EVENT WELL DISTRIBUTORs TOTAL LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES IN ANY ACTIONBASED ON OR ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT EXCEED THE [] TONETGEAR PURSUANT TO THE AGREEMENT.17. FOREIGN RESHIPMENTThis Agreement is made subject to all laws, regulations, orders or otherrestrictions on the export from the United States of Products and accompanyingdocumentation, or of other technical data and information about such Products,which may be imposed from time to time. Distributor agrees not to export,directly or indirectly, any such Products or information to any country forwhich an export license or other governmental approval is required at the timeof export without first obtaining such license or approval. Distributor issolely responsible, at its own expense, for obtaining all necessary import andre-export permits and certificates and for the payment of any and all taxes andduties imposed upon the movement and delivery of Products.18. GENERALA. The relationship of NETGEAR and Distributor is that of independentcontractors. There is no relationship of agency, partnership, joint venture,employment or franchise between the parties. Neither party has the authority tobind the other or to incur any obligation on the others behalf or to representitself as the others agent or in any way which might result in confusion as tothe fact that the parties are separate and distinct entities.B. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid orunenforceable, the remainder of the provisions shall remain in full force andeffect.C. NETGEAR and Distributor agree to comply with the provisions of allapplicable federal, state, county and local laws, ordinances, regulations andcodes, domestic and foreign.INGRAM NETGEAR Distributor Agreement 10 083096D. NETGEAR reserves the right to change the discount schedule, policy orprogram, whether referred to in the Agreement or set forth in an Exhibit to theAgreement. For changes which, in NETGEARs opinion, may adversely affectDistributor, NETGEAR will provide thirty (30) days notice, or such longer periodas NETGEAR deems appropriate, prior to the effective date of such change.E. Distributor will keep suitable records to demonstrate compliance withthis Agreement. NETGEAR or its representative, at NETGEARs cost may reviewthese records during normal business hours for the sole purpose of determiningDistributors compliance with this Agreement.F. Any waiver, amendment or modification of any right, remedy or otherterm under the Agreement will not be effective unless mutually agreed to inwriting and signed by authorized representatives of both parties. Neither partyshall be bound by typographical or clerical errors.G. Neither party is liable for its failure or delay to perform itsobligations under the Agreement due to strikes, wars, revolutions, acts ofterrorism, fires, floods, explosions, earthquakes, shortages in labor,components or materials, government regulations, or other causes beyond itscontrol.H. This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without priorwritten permission from the other party, which permission shall not beunreasonably withheld or delayed. Any attempt by either party to assign anyright, or delegate any duty or obligation which arises under the Agreementwithout such permission will be voidable.19. ENTIRE AGREEMENT, GOVERNING LAWThis Agreement, including its attachment and order acknowledgments under theAgreement, constitutes the entire agreement between Distributor and NETGEAR withrespect to the purchase, resale and distribution of the Products and is governedby the laws of the State of California except that body of law dealing withconflicts of law.INGRAM NETGEAR Distributor Agreement 11 083096 Portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. EXHIBIT 1 DISCOUNT SCHEDULEThe initial Discount offered Distributor for purchase or license of NETGEARProducts included on the NETGEAR Price List in effect on the Effective Date ofthis Agreement is [] off of the then current NETGEAR list price.Distributor agrees that the foregoing Discount is only applicable to Productsincluded on the NETGEAR Price List on the Effective Date of this Agreement.NETGEAR reserves the right to add Products to the Price List at its solediscretion and any such additional Products shall be offered to Distributor atdiscounts to be determined at that time.INGRAM NETGEAR Distributor Agreement 12 083096 EXHIBIT 2 DISTRIBUTORS ROUTING GUIDEINGRAM NETGEAR Distributor Agreement 13 083096CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST Portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. EXHIBIT 3 CMD NAMED ACCOUNTS[]INGRAM NETGEAR Distributor Agreement 14 092696 EXHIBIT 4 MARKETING PLANINGRAM NETGEAR Distributor Agreement 15 083096 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST Portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. AMENDMENT TO THE DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT BETWEEN INGRAM MICRO AND NETGEAR