Exhibit (8)(k)(k)SERVICE AGREEMENTThis Agreement is entered into and effective as of the 1st day of January, 1998, by and between FIDELITYINVESTMENTS INSTITUTIONAL OPERATIONS COMPANY, INC. (“FIIOC”) and NEW YORK LIFE INSURANCE ANDANNUITY CORPORATION (“Company”).WHEREAS, FIIOC provides transfer agency and other services to Fidelity’s Variable Insurance Products Fund, VariableInsurance Products Fund II and Variable Insurance Products Fund III (collectively “Funds”); andWHEREAS, the services provided by FIIOC on behalf of the Funds include responding to inquiries about the Fundsincluding the provision of information about the Funds’ investment objectives, investment policies, portfolio holdings, etc.; andWHEREAS, Company holds shares of the Funds in order to fund certain variable annuity contracts, group annuitycontracts, and/or variable life insurance policies, the beneficial interests in which are held by individuals, plan trustees, orothers who look to Company to provide information about the Funds similar to the information provided by FIIOC; andWHEREAS, the Company and one or more of the Funds have entered into one or more Participation Agreements, underwhich the Company agrees not to provide information about the Funds except for information provided by the Funds or theirdesignees; andWHEREAS, FIIOC and Company desire that Company be able to respond to inquiries about the Funds from individualvariable annuity owners, participants in group annuity contracts issued by the Company, and owners and participants undervariable life insurance policies issued by the Company, and prospective customers for any of the above; andWHEREAS, FIIOC and Company recognize that Company’s efforts in responding to customer inquiries will reduce theburden that such inquiries would place on FIIOC should such inquiries be directed to FIIOC.NOW, THEREFORE, the parties do agree as follows:1. Information to be Provided to Company. FIIOC agrees to provide to Company, on a periodic basis, directly or througha designee, information about the Funds’ investment objectives, investment policies, portfolio holdings, performance, etc. Thecontent and format of such information shall be as FIIOC, in its sole discretion, shall choose. FIIOC may change the formatand/or content of such informational reports, and the frequency with which such information is provided. For purposes ofSection 4.2 of each of the Company’s Participation Agreement(s) with the Funds, FIIOC represents that it is the designee ofthe Funds, and Company may therefore use the information provided by FIIOC without seeking additional permission from theFunds.2. Use of Information by Company. Company may use the information provided by FIIOC in communications toindividuals, plan trustees, or others who have legal title or beneficial interest in the annuity or life insurance products issuedby Company, or representatives of any of these parties, and to prospective purchasers of such products or beneficialinterests thereunder. If such information is contained as part of larger pieces of sales literature, advertising, etc., such piecesshall be furnished for review to the Funds in accordance with the terms of the Company’s Participation Agreements with theFunds. Nothing herein shall give the Company the right to expand upon, alter the appearance of, or otherwise alter theinformation provided by FIIOC. Company acknowledges that the information provided it by FIIOC mayneed to be supplemented with additional qualifying information, regulatory disclaimers, or other information before it may beconveyed to persons outside the Company.3. Compensation to Company. In recognition of the fact that Company will respond to inquiries that otherwise would behandled by FIIOC, FIIOC agrees to pay Company a quarterly fee computed as follows:At the close of each calendar quarter, FIIOC will determine the Average Daily Assets held in the Funds by theCompany. Average Daily Assets shall be the sum of the daily assets for each calendar day in the quarter divided by thenumber of calendar days in the quarter. The Average Daily Assets shall be multiplied by [ ] ([ ] basis points) and that sumshall be divided by four. The resulting number shall be the quarterly fee for that quarter, which shall be paid to Companyduring the following month.Should any Participation Agreement(s) between Company and any Fund(s) be terminated effective before the last day ofa quarter, Company shall be entitled to a fee for that portion of the quarter during which the Participation Agreement was stillin effect, unless such termination is due to misconduct on the part of the Company. For such a stub quarter, Average DailyAssets shall be the sum of the daily assets for each calendar day in the quarter through and including the date of terminationof the Participation Agreement(s), divided by the number of calendar days in that quarter for which the ParticipationAgreement was in effect. Such Average Daily Assets shall be multiplied by [ ] ([ ] basis points) and that number shall bemultiplied by the number of days in such quarter that the Participation Agreement was in effect, then divided by threehundred sixty-five. The resulting number shall be the quarterly fee for the stub quarter, which shall be paid to Company duringthe following month.Notwithstanding the foregoing, compensation for each calendar quarter will not exceed [ ].4. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by Company at any time upon written notice to FIIOC. FIIOC mayterminate this Agreement at any time upon ninety (90) days’ written notice to Company. FIIOC may terminate this Agreementimmediately upon written notice to Company (1) if required by any applicable law or regulation, (2) if so required by action ofthe Fund(s) Board of Trustees, or (3) if Company engages in any material breach of this Agreement. This Agreement shallterminate immediately and automatically upon the termination of Company’s Participation Agreement(s) with the Funds, andin such event no notice need be given hereunder.5. Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be construed and the provisions hereof interpreted under and in accordancewith the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.6. Assignment. This Agreement may not be assigned without the written consent of the other party, which consent shallnot be unreasonably withheld, except that it shall be assigned automatically to any successor to FIIOC as the Funds’transfer agent, and any such successor shall be bound by the terms of this Agreement.IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have set their hands as of the date first written above.FIDELITY INVESTMENTS INSTITUTIONAL OPERATIONS COMPANY, INC.By:NEW YORK LIFE INSURANCE AND ANNUITY CORPORATIONBy:Name:Title: