EXHIBIT 10.11 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT Portions indicated by a [] have been omitted and filed separately with the CommissionPCQUOTE- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------CO-BRANDING AGREEMENTThis agreement is made effective Oct. 11, 1996 by and between PC QUOTE,INC. (hereinafter referred to as "PCQ"), a Delaware Corporation with itsprincipal place of business at 300 South Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois60605 and AB Wately, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "ABW") with itsprincipal place of business at 33 West 17th Street, New York, NY 10011.This agreement shall apply to said ABW and all of its subsidiaries andrelated companies.Definitions:SOFTWAREPC QUOTE 6.0-TM- for Windows on the Internet is a software application thatdisplays market data information, provided via the digital Hyperfeed, in theform of quotes, charts, graphs, tables, board views, tickers and otheranalytical tools.HYPERFEEDThe PC Quote proprietary digital data feed transmitted via satellite, landline, or Internet with advanced compression technology, containing financialmarket information obtained by PCQ from the institutions and exchanges listedin Section 5 of this Agreement. This market data includes stock quotes,futures and options trading, commodities, and other related information.Witnesseth:NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, and in considerationof the mutual covenants and conditions herein set forth, and with the intentto be legally bound thereby, ABW and PCQ hereby agree to the following:1. The Co-Branded Service A. PCQ agrees to allow ABW to co-brand the PCQ SOFTWARE in order toprovide a value added service on ABWs World Wide Web site. The co-brandedSOFTWARE will be made available via ABW software housed at the ABW officelisted in this Agreement. The server will be accessed by all ABW subscribersin order to download the SOFTWARE and receive the HYPERFEED. B. PCQ will provide a continuous HYPERFEED to the ABW servers; however,PCQ will control the receipt of the HYPERFEED by ABW clients via a remoteaccess server on PCQs site that will authorize each new ABW account. ABWagrees to sign up all new subscribers to the co-branded service, includingexecution of all applicable service and exchange agreements, will send to PCQthe executed subscriberagreements before access to the quote servers will be provided to ABW clientsby PCQ. PCQ shall have the sole ability to authorize access to the marketdata contained in the HYPERFEED by ABW clients.Source: PCQUOTE COM INC, S-1/A, 7/21/1999 D. PCQ and Townsend shall retain title and all copyrights orproprietary rights to the SOFTWARE and HYPERFEED provided to ABW and ABWsclients pursuant to the Agreement. ABW will not provide any unauthorizedaccess to the co-branded service, nor reproduce or redistribute the servicein any way. E. ABW agrees to include the following in the co-branded pagesdisplaying quotes: "All quotes provided by PC Quote, Inc." ABW also agreesto include the following disclaimer on the access page to the co-brandedservice: "PC Quote is not subject to liability for truth, accuracy, or completeness of the market data information nor is PC Quote liable for errors, mistakes or omissions in the data or for any delays or interruptions in the end users receipt of the data. PC Quote does not warrant that the data provided may be relied upon for trading purposes." 2. Term A. [] The effective date for purposes of this Agreement is thecontract date as specified on the signature page of this Agreement. NeitherPCQ nor ABW shall terminate or alter this Agreement except as stated herein. B. [] Notice expressing a desire to terminate this Agreement willbe sent by certified mail to the address indicated above. Said terminationwill be effective as of the last day of the month in which this anniversaryoccurs. C. Notwithstanding the provisions of (A), and (B) above, should a partyto this Agreement be in material breach of the Agreement, the other party mayterminate the Agreement thirty (30) days after notice of said material breachis received, and only if such material breach is not cured within thirty (30)days of receipt of notice. 3. Payment For Service A. Beginning with the date specified on the fee schedule attachedhereto as Schedule A, or upon completion of the Installation and testing ofall equipment and services, which ever is later. ABW will commence paymentof a monthly fee for the right to permit access by ABWs clients to saidSOFTWARE and HYPERFEED. B. The charges for the services set forth in this Agreement shall beinvoiced monthly. ABW agrees to pay said charges within thirty (30) days ofthe monthly invoice date. ABW may issue a purchase order for billingpurposes. The invoices must reference that purchase order number and be sentto the "Bill To" address stated on the purchase order. The terms of thisnegotiated Agreement shall supercede those contained on that purchase order. C. All payments will be made in US Dollars drawn on a US bank. ABWwill provide a complete list of all clients using the format described inSchedule B with each payment. D. Any payments which have not been received by PCQ within thirty (30)days of the Invoice date shall be subject to a FINANCE CHARGE of 1.0% per monthwhich is a corresponding ANNUALPERCENTAGE RATE of 12% on the outstanding balance. F. Any invoice submitted by PCQ shall be deemed correct unless ABWadvises PCQ in writing, within thirty (30) days of the receipt of the invoice,that it disagrees with the invoice and specifies the nature of the disagreement. G. Any sales, use, excise, value added and local property taxes will bepayable by ABW should such taxes be applicable. H. In the event that any invoice is not paid by ABW within forty-five(45) days after receipt, and when no discrepancy issues have been identified byABW which are in some stage of resolution, after giving notice to ABW, PCQ mayterminate this agreement and ABWs access to and use of SOFTWARE and HYPERFEEDprovided hereunder unless ABW pays such invoice prior to the termination dateSource: PCQUOTE COM INC, S-1/A, 7/21/1999specified in the Termination Notice. The remedies contained herein arecumulative and are in addition to all other rights and remedies available to PCQunder this Agreement, by operation of law, or otherwise. I. Upon termination as provided for in this Agreement, ABW will pay allcharges for services and fees for the entire month in which that terminationbecomes effective.4. Technical Support A. ABW agrees to field all initial customer support requests and assistits clients to the best of its knowledge and ability. If the support issue isof a complex nature that ABW is unable to solve, ABW may forward the call on tothe PCQ technical support staff.5. Exchange Authorization A. The ABW hereby acknowledges and agrees that the HYPERFEED providedunder this Agreement contains market information obtained, selected andconsolidated by PCQ under the authority of various agencies, including but notlimited to, the New York Stock Exchange, American Stock Exchange, Pacific StockExchange, Midwest Stock Exchange, Chicago Board Options Exchange, the OptionsPrice Reporting Authority, the Consolidated Tape Association, Chicago Board ofTrade, Chicago Mercantile Exchange/International Monetary Market, Kansas CityBoard of Trade, Minneapolis Grain Exchange, Commodities Exchange Center, NewYork Futures Exchange, Mid-America Commodity Exchange, and Consolidated CanadianGroup and that the ABWs use of the service for internal or externalredistribution of date is authorized and regulated by said agencies.6. Limitations of Liability, Remedies On Default A. The information and data used in the HYPERFEED and SOFTWAREprovided under this Agreement, including option prices, stock prices,commodity prices, dividends, dividend dates, volatilities, deltas and othervariables, are obtained by PCQ from the various exchanges and other sourceswhich are believed to be reliable and PCQ agrees to run reasonable controlchecks thereon to verify that the data transmitted by PCQ is the same as thedata received from the various exchanges and other sources. However, PCQshall not be subject to liability for truth, accuracy, or completeness of theinformation received by PCQ from the various exchanges and other sources andconveyed to ABW or for errors, mistakes or omissions therein or for anydelays or interruptions of the HYPERFEED or SOFTWARE from whatever cause.This agreement does not violate any agency requirements and PCQ has the rightto enter into this agreement from its information providers. B. PCQ shall not be responsible for, nor be in default under thisAgreement due to delays or failure of performance resulting from InternetService Provider delivery problems or failure, or any communication or deliveryproblems associated with the Internet in general. Furthermore, PCQ and ABWshall not be responsible for nor in default due to acts or causes beyond itscontrol, including but not limited to: acts of God, strikes, lockouts,communications line or equipment failures, power failures, earthquakes, or otherdisasters. Should such an occurrence render the HYPERFEED or SOFTWAREinoperable or unavailable for a period over ten (10) days, then ABW shall havethe right to discount their billing in proportion to the delay. C. LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FROM ANY AND ALL CAUSES, INCLUDING,BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROGRAM MALFUNCTION OR OPERATIONAL NEGLIGENCE, SHALL BELIMITED TO GENERAL MONEY DAMAGES IN AN AMOUNT NOT TO EXCEED THE TOTAL CHARGESPAID BY ABW FOR THE SERVICES DURING THE MOST RECENT TWELVE (12) MONTHS OF THEAGREEMENT. SUCH LIMITATION SHALL BE THE EXTENT OF PCQ OR ABWS LIABILITYREGARDLESS OF THE FORM IN WHICH ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE ACTION MAY BE BROUGHTAGAINST PCQ OR ABW, AND THE FOREGOING SHALL CONSTITUTE PCQS OR ABWS SOLEREMEDY. IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR LOST PROFITS ORSPECIAL INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHICH ABW OR PCQ INCUROR EXPERIENCE ON ACCOUNT OF ENTERING INTO OR RELYING ON THIS AGREEMENT, EVENIF PCQ OR ABW HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.7. Exclusion of WarrantiesIt is expressly understood and agreed to by the parties hereto that EXCEPT ASSource: PCQUOTE COM INC, S-1/A, 7/21/1999SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED HEREIN, ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDINGANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED.8. Confidentiality of Proprietary Information A. ABW understands and acknowledges the proprietary nature of theHYPERFEED and SOFTWARE provided by PCQ and that said HYPERFEED and SOFTWARE havebeen developed as a trade secret of PCQ and at its expense. ABW agrees to holdsaid information in the same manner as ABW deals with its own proprietaryinformation and trade secrets. Furthermore, ABW agrees not to attempt anyreverse engineering of the HYPERFEED to decode the signals used by PCQ intransmitting the information. B. PCQ understands the proprietary nature of any information belonging toABW, and recognizes the harm that can be occasioned to user by disclosure ofinformation relative to ABWs activities, PCQ agrees to hold such information inthe same manner as PCQ deals with its own proprietary information and tradesecrets. C. PCQ acknowledges the confidential nature of ABWs use of the SOFTWAREand HYPERFEED during the initial term of this agreement. Due to the unannouncedplatform on which ABW shall make available its electronic service to its clientduring this initial term, PCQ shall in no way disclose to other parties thesubstance nor acknowledge the existence of this agreement. Any advertising ordisclosure of the relationship between the parties, use of eithers marks, namesor reference by the other shall be approved by both parties prior to release.9. Indemnification A. ABW hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless PCQ, itsemployees, agents, successors and assigns, harmless, including reasonableattorneys fees, from and against any of the following: 1. Any and all claims, liabilities, and obligations claimed by any third party or parties against PCQ and arising directly out of ABWs use of the Service. 2. Any and all claims, liabilities, or obligations resulting from ABWs misrepresentations, negligence, willful misconduct, breach of warranty or non-performance of any of the covenants or obligations under this Agreement or from any misrepresentations or omissions made by ABW to PCQ, including specifically, but not limited to, any authority required of ABW pursuant to Section 6 hereof. B. Such indemnification by ABW shall only be effective if the claim,liability or obligation claimed by the third party is in no way related to PCQsnegligence, willful misconduct or failure to perform any of its obligationsunder this Agreement. C. PCQ hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and hold ABW harmless,including reasonable attorneys fees, from and against any claim that theSOFTWARE or HYPERFEED infringes on the patent, copyright or other proprietaryrights of another, including any and all claims, liabilities, or obligationsresulting from PCQs negligence, willful misconduct, misrepresentations, breachof warranty or non-performance of any of the covenants or obligations under thisAgreement. D. Such indemnification by PCQ shall only be effective if: 1. The claim, liability or obligation claimed by the third party is in no way related to ASWS negligence, willful misconduct or failure to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement. 2. ABW notifies PCQ promptly in writing of any claim or threatened claim against ABW and thereafter cooperates with PCQ so that PCQ will not be prejudiced in the defense, settlement or other handling thereof and ABW permits PCQ, at PCQs option and expense, to control the defense, settlement or other handling of such claim.10. AssignmentSource: PCQUOTE COM INC, S-1/A, 7/21/1999 This Agreement or any rights or obligations granted hereunder may not beassigned by ABW without the prior written consent of PCQ.11. Applicable Law and Venue This Agreement shall be interpreted, construed and enforced in all respectsin accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, except with regards to itsrules regarding choice of law. Each party irrevocably consents to thejurisdiction of the courts of the State of Illinois and the federal courtssituated in the State of Illinois, in connection with any action to enforce theprovisions of this Agreement, to recover damages or other relief for breach ordefault under this Agreement, or otherwise arising under or by reason of thisAgreement.12. Severability and Survival A. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall beinterpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,but if any provision of this Agreement shall be prohibited by or invalid underapplicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of suchprohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisionor the remaining provisions of this Agreement. B. The provisions dealing with indemnification and confidentiality andany other section of this Agreement,unless specifically stated otherwise, which may reasonably be interpreted orconstrued as surviving the completion, expiration, termination or cancellationof this Agreement, shall survive the completion, expiration, termination orcancellation of this Agreement.13. Miscellaneous Provisions A. The parties to this Agreement are independent contractors withrequisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and carryout the transactions contemplated hereby. Neither party is a ABW orrepresentative of the other party. Neither party shall have any right, power orauthority to enter into any agreement for or on behalf of, or incur anyobligation or liability of, or to otherwise bind, the other party. ThisAgreement shall not be interpreted or construed to create an association, jointventure or partnership between the parties or to impose any partnershipobligation or liability upon either party. B. Any notice, approval, request, authorization, direction or othercommunication under this Agreement shall be given in writing and shall be deemedto have been delivered and given for all purposes, (i) on the delivery date ifdelivered personally to the party to whom the same is directed, or (ii) threebusiness days after the mailing date, whether or not actually received, if sentby registered U.S. mail postage and charges prepaid, to the address of the partyto whom the same is directed as set forth in the introductory paragraph of thisAgreement. Either party may change its address specified above by giving theother party notice of such change in accordance with this Section 13.B. All notices delivered to ABW shall be delivered to the address above,attention: Harry Simpson AB Watley C. The failure of either party to insist upon or enforce strictperformance by the other party of any provision of this Agreement or to exerciseany right under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver orrelinquishment to any extent of such partys right to assert or rely upon anysuch provision of right in that or any other instance; rather, the same shall beand remain in full force and effect.14. Entire Agreement A. As used herein, the term "Agreement" includes any written amendments,modifications or supplements made in accordance herewith. B. ABW and PCQ acknowledge that they have read this Agreement, understandSource: PCQUOTE COM INC, S-1/A, 7/21/1999it, and agree to be bound by its terms and further acknowledge and agree that itconstitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto and supersedes all otherproposals, oral or written, and all other communications between the partiesrelating to the subject matter hereof and this Agreement may not be modified orterminated orally. No amendment to this Agreement shall be effective unless itis in writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of both parties.IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto hereby execute this Agreement.AGREED TO:PC QUOTE, INC.By: /s/ Richard F. Chappeto -----------------------------Name: Richard F. ChappetoTitle: Vice PresidentDate: 10-11-96 ----------------------------A.B. WATLEY, INC.By: /s/ Steven Malin ------------------------------Name: Steven Malin ----------------------------Title: Director---------------------------Date: 10-11-96----------------------------SCHEDULE ATO THE CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT BETWEENPC QUOTE, INC. AND A.B. WATLEY, INC. DATED OCTOBER 11, 1996SCHEDULE OF SERVICES AND FEES[]By: PC Quote, Inc.By: A.B. Watley, Inc./s/ Richard F. Chappeto/s/ Steven Malin- ---------------------------------------------------------------Source: PCQUOTE COM INC, S-1/A, 7/21/1999