1 EXHIBIT 10.2Portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a request forconfidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the General Rules and Regulationsunder the Securities Exchange Act. Omitted information, marked "[]" in thisexhibit, has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission togetherwith such request for confidential treatment. CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT This CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made as ofthis November 14, 2000 by and between Dassault Systemes, a societe anonymeorganized under the laws of France and the owner of Purchaser ("DassaultSystemes") and/or certain affiliates of Dassault Systemes, and PlanetCAD Inc.(formerly known as Spatial Technology Inc.), a corporation organized under thelaws of the State of Delaware ("PlanetCAD") (each a "Party," together, the"Parties"). WITNESSETH: WHEREAS, PlanetCAD, SPATIAL COMPONENTS, LLC and DASSAULTSYSTEMS CORP. entered into a certain Purchase Agreement, dated July 4, 2000("Purchase Agreement"), pursuant to which DASSAULT SYSTEMES CORP. acquired theComponent Business (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) from PlanetCAD andSPATIAL COMPONENTS, LLC, including certain software; and WHEREAS, PlanetCAD has created, operates and maintains its ownWeb sites, including, without limitation 3Dshare.com and PlanetCAD.com, throughwhich PlanetCAD provides Internet-based services to its customers, and hascompetence and expertise in the supply of Internet-based services to customers. WHEREAS, as a condition to closing the transactioncontemplated under the Purchase Agreement, the Parties hereto agreed to enterinto this Agreement for the co-branding of 3Dshare.com. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises andcovenants set forth herein, and other good and valuable consideration, thereceipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree asfollows: SECTION 1 DEFINITIONS All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall havethe same meanings set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. 1 2 1.1 "Affiliate(s)" shall mean, with respect to any specifiedPerson, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, Controls, is Controlledby, or is under common Control with such Person. 1.2 "Billing Party" means the party responsible for allbilling and collection matters associated with the Co-Branded Service. 1.3 "CBD Software" shall mean the following computer softwareprograms, whichever packaging and naming, in the version and release that iscommercially available at the Effective Date, as well as corrections,enhancements and modifications of the CBD Software delivered in the maintenanceservices provided under the Cross-License Agreement executed contemporaneouslyby the Parties: ACIS (R) 3D Toolkit, ACIS (R), Advanced Blending Husk, ACIS(R)Advanced Rendering Husk, ACIS(R) Local Operations Husk, ACIS(R) Shelling Husk,ACIS(R) Precise Hidden Line Husk, ACIS(R) Mesh Surface Husk, ACIS(R) SpaceWarping Husk, ACIS(R) Advanced Surfacing Husk, ACIS(R) Cellular Topology Husk,Spatial Deformable Modeler, ACIS(R) Deformable Modeling Husk, JetScream(TM),ACIS(R) JetScream Husk, ACIS (R) RevEnge Husk (MetroCad), ACIS(R) AEC Husk,IVSDK, ACIS(R) Open Viewer and Plug-ins, Large Model Viewer, 3D BuildingBlox(TM), SAT(R) (ACIS File Format). 1.4 "CNDA" means the Confidential and Non-Disclosure Agreementamong, inter alia, PlanetCAD and Dassault Systemes executed contemporaneouslyherewith. 1.5 "Co-Branded Service" means the service to be developedunder this Agreement, including Enhancements, which will be offered to DassaultSystemes Customers via the Dassault Systemes Web site(s) and will containtranslation and healing application services substantially similar to thosecurrently offered and sold on the PlanetCAD Web site(s) as of the Effective Dateunder the product name 3Dshare.com, and based upon the CBD Software. 1.6 "Control" means, with respect to the relationship betweenor among two or more Persons, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly,Source: RAND WORLDWIDE INC, 8-K/A, 4/2/2001or as trustee or executor, of the power to direct or cause the direction of theaffairs or management of a Person, whether through the ownership of votingsecurities, as trustee or executor, by contract or otherwise, including, withoutlimitation, the ownership, directly or indirectly, of securities having thepower to elect a majority of the board of directors or similar body governingthe affairs of such Person; provided that neither PlanetCAD nor shall be deemedto be controlled by any other Person or under common control with any Personthat is not one of their respective subsidiaries. 1.7 "Dassault Systemes" shall mean the entity that is a partyto this Agreement and each of its Affiliates. 1.8 "Dassault Systemes Customer(s)" means any customer of theCo-Branded Service having accessed such Web service, wherever hosted, by firstlogging in on any Dassault Systemes Web site. 1.9 "Dassault Systemes Customer Database(s)" shall have themeaning set forth in Section 6.1 [DASSAULT SYSTEMES CUSTOMER DATABASES]. 2 3 1.10 "Dassault Systemes Personnel" means employees, officers,agents, independent contractors and subcontractors of Dassault Systemes. 1.11 "Dassault Systemes Web sites" means any Web site created,owned, operated or supported by or for Dassault Systemes. 1.12 "Effective Date" means November 14, 2000. 1.13 "Enhancements" mean without limitation, compilations,modifications, adaptations, improvements, bug fixes, corrections, versions,design changes, revisions, upgrades, updates, and new versions with respect tothe Co-Branded Services during the Term of this Agreement. 1.14 "Hardware Infrastructure" means all hardware equipment,materials, products and facilities that may be necessary at any time to operatethe Software Infrastructure to the Co-Branded Service. 1.15 "Infrastructure" means the "Software Infrastructure" andthe "Hardware Infrastructure." 1.16 "Initial Term" shall have the meaning set forth inSection 10.1 [Term]. 1.17 "Know-How" shall mean all residual information of anon-tangible form, which is not protected by the United States or European Unionlaws of copyright, patent or trade secrets and which may be retained by a partywho has had access to confidential and proprietary information of the otherparty, including ideas, concepts or techniques contained therein. 1.18 "Launch Date" shall mean the date of first log in of aDassault Systemes Customer for the Co-Branded Service. 1.19 "Marks" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.4 [Use of Marks]. 1.20 "Net Revenue" shall have the meaning set forth in Section5.5 [Net Revenue Defined]. 1.21 "Non-Billing Party" means the party who is not theBilling Party. 1.22 "Person" means any individual or legal entity, includingwithout limitation, partnership, corporation, association, trust orunincorporated organization. 1.23 "PlanetCAD Personnel" means employees, officers, agents,independent contractors and subcontractors of PlanetCAD. 1.24 "PlanetCAD Web sites" means 3dshare.com, PlanetCAD.comand any other Web site created, owned, operated or supported by or forPlanetCAD. 1.25 "Revenue Report" shall have the meaning set forth inSection 5.6 [Reporting and Payment Obligations]. 3 4 1.26 "Software" means any computer software program, includingprogramming-code, on-line documentation, if any, user interface related theretoor associated therewith, to the extent that such user interface does exist, andrelated user and installation documentation other than on-line documentationassociated with this computer software program.Source: RAND WORLDWIDE INC, 8-K/A, 4/2/2001 1.27 "Server Software" means all software, including withoutlimitation, Web interface, Web middleware, Web dynamic content billing, Webcontent generation software, and any Derivative Works thereof that is used byPlanetCAD to provide services on the Co-Branded Service. The list of all suchSoftware as of the Effective Date is attached in Schedule A which will beupdated by PlanetCAD when reasonably requested by Dassault Systemes and when inPlanetCADs determination significant changes have been made. 1.28 "Software Infrastructure" means the softwareconfiguration and environment necessary to perform, supply and support theCo-Branded Service including any Third Party Software. 1.29 "Term" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.1 [Term]. 1.30 "Third Party Software" means computer software programsowned by a party other than PlanetCAD or Dassault Systemes and incorporatedinto, or required for the development, operation and/or support of any Webservice governed by this Agreement and the Infrastructure associated therewith. SECTION 2 SUBJECT MATTER 2.1 Engagement. Dassault Systemes and PlanetCAD agree tocooperate to develop and bring to their customers the Co-Branded Service underthe terms and conditions set forth below. SECTION 3 OWNERSHIP AND LICENSING RIGHTS 3.1 Ownership by PlanetCAD. All right, title and interest inand to: (i) the Server Software and (ii) the service known as of the EffectiveDate as 3Dshare.com and its Enhancements shall be owned by PlanetCAD. 3.2 Ownership by Dassault Systemes. All right, title andinterest in and to the CBD Software and its Enhancements shall be owned byDassault Systemes. 3.3 Limited Hosting License. PlanetCAD hereby grants toDassault Systemes a fully-paid, non-exclusive, worldwide, revocable limitedlicense to the Server Software and Infrastructure for the sole purpose of (i)hosting the Co-Branded Service and (ii) fulfilling its 4 5obligations under this Agreement. The license granted pursuant to this Section3.3 [Limited Hosting License] shall be deemed to be automatically revoked upon termination of thisAgreement. Within 2 weeks following execution of this Agreement, PlanetCAD willprovide Dassault Systemes with the necessary media and licensing keys or similarauthorization system (if any) to use such Server Software and Infrastructureaccording to the above license. 3.4 Use of Marks. Prior to commercialization of the Co-BrandedService the parties shall agree on the use and placement of all DassaultSystemes and PlanetCAD logos, trade names, trademarks, service marks, andsimilar identifying material (collectively referred to as "Marks") on theCo-Branded Service. Any usage of a partys Marks on the Co-Branded Serviceincluding without limitation size, placement, font and style of such Marks willbe subject to such partys prior written approval. On or before the Launch Date,each party shall grant the other party a non-exclusive, non-transferable,revocable right to use their approved Marks, for the sole purpose ofadvertising, marketing, promotion and sale of the Co-Branded Service. Inconnection with such license each party agrees not to use the other partysMarks in any manner that is disparaging or that otherwise portrays such party ina negative light. Each party retains all right, title and interest, in and toits Marks. Upon termination of this Agreement the right in either party to usethe other partys Marks shall automatically terminate. 3.5 Know-How. The parties hereby acknowledge and agree thatany and all rights to Know-How developed or shared under this Agreement byeither party shall be jointly owned by the parties and may be used by eitherparty in the operation of their respective businesses during and followingtermination of this Agreement. SECTION 4 DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION OF THE CO-BRANDED SITE 4.1 Review of Co-Branded Site. Immediately prior to the LaunchDate, each party shall have an opportunity to review the content andpresentation of the Web pages relating to the Co-Branded Service and shall havethe right to request reasonable changes to any aspect of the Co-Branded Service,including without limitation, the look and feel of the Web pages. 4.2 Appointment of Liaison. As soon as practicable after theEffective Date, each party shall appoint a project manager to act as a liaisonto oversee and ensure compliance of the respective obligations of the partieshereunder.Source: RAND WORLDWIDE INC, 8-K/A, 4/2/2001 4.3 Access to the Co-Branded Service by Dassault SystemesCustomers. During the Term of this Agreement, the Co-Branded Service will beaccessible from any Dassault Systemes Web site(s), as determined by DassaultSystemes in its sole discretion, on a fully transparent basis by way of a directlink to the first Web page of the Co-Branded Service. Upon exiting theCo-Branded Service, the Dassault Systemes Customers will be automaticallyreturned to the Dassault Systemes Web site. PlanetCAD shall, with consultationand input from Dassault Systemes, perform all services necessary for theimplementation of such link between the Dassault Systemes Web site and theCo-Branded Service. 4.4 Co-Branding Designations. The Co-Branded Service will bedesignated as such by use of both partys Marks on the Co-Branded Service, andinclusion of wording such as 5 6"powered by PlanetCAD" on all Web pages, associated with the Co-Branded Service.The placement, text, font and size of the wording shall be mutually agreed uponby the parties. 4.5 Hosting and Customer Support Obligations of the Parties.Unless otherwise agreed by the parties: (i) PlanetCAD will host the Co-BrandedService at its facilities and shall be responsible for providing theInfrastructure necessary to operate such service; (ii) the party responsible forhosting the Co-Branded Service shall be responsible for all customer billing asset forth in Section 5.1 [Customer Billing] herein; (iii) Dassault Systemes will provide firstlevel customer support; (iv) PlanetCAD will provide second level customersupport, and (v) PlanetCAD shall be responsible for all updates and Enhancementsof the Co-Branded Service. PlanetCAD shall not charge Dassault Systemes anyhosting fee for the Co-Branded Service. 4.6 Software Support and Maintenance Obligations of theParties. For the Term of this Agreement the parties shall cooperate to performmaintenance and support services on their respective software included on andnecessary to the operation of the Co-Branded Service. The description ofmaintenance and support obligations is set forth in the Maintenance and SupportServices Schedule, attached hereto as Schedule B and incorporated herein byreference. 4.7 Change of Hosting. At any time during the Term of thisAgreement, Dassault Systemes may, at its discretion, decide to host theCo-Branded Service, or have it hosted by any third party of its choice, bysending ninety days written notice to that effect to PlanetCAD. In such event,PlanetCAD agrees to: (i) provide to Dassault Systemes a current and updated listof equipment, materials, products and facilities composing the HardwareInfrastructure, and (ii) provide reasonable cooperation with Dassault Systemesin seamlessly transitioning the Co-Branded Service to Dassault Systemesequipment or to the equipment of its subcontractors or Affiliates. SECTION 5 CUSTOMER BILLING, PAYMENT TERMS AND AUDIT RIGHTS 5.1 Customer Billing. Unless otherwise agreed by the partiesand subject to the reporting and revenue sharing obligations set forth in thisSection 5, the party responsible for hosting shall be the Billing Party. 5.2 Pricing of the Co-Branded Service. Prior to the LaunchDate, the parties shall agree on which currencies and list prices shall apply tothe Co-Branded Service. If, for whatever reason, the parties fail to agree on aprice to be applied, the price applied to the Co-Branded Service shall be equalto the then current list price for such services as offered on the PlanetCAD Website(s). If, for whatever reason, the parties fail to agree on a currency to beapplied, the Billing Party will be entitled to choose a currency, as long assuch currency easily converts into US dollars and the Billing Party shall pay tothe other party its share of revenue in US dollars, based on the averageexchange rate of that currency against US dollars during the last 3 monthspreceding the date of payment to the other party. 5.3 Taxes. The Billing Party may deduct and withhold from anypayments due to the other party under this Agreement any and all taxes and otheramounts as required 6 7under the laws of any jurisdiction that has the authority to tax the BillingParty, the other party or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.However, should the Billing Party consider withholding payment or paying anysuch amount from payments due under this Agreement, the Billing Party shall sendin advance to the other party a certificate setting forth the regulatory and/orlegal framework for such a payment, including the provisions of theinternational tax treaty allowing such payment. The other party will have 30days from the reception of such information to accept or refuse suchpayment/withholding:Source: RAND WORLDWIDE INC, 8-K/A, 4/2/2001 (i) If the other party accepts or does not answer within this time frame, the Billing Party will be entitled to make such payment/withholding and shall provide the other party with a certificate stating the amounts withheld and the jurisdictions to which such amounts were remitted. (ii) If the other party provides to the Billing Party a certificate stating that (a) the Billing Party has no withholding/payment obligations with respect to the laws of such particular jurisdiction and setting forth the relevant authority for such statement and/or (b) that such a payment may be avoided under any applicable law or treaty and provide with the necessary documentation for that purpose, and if the Billing Party then determines that it has no such withholding obligation under the laws of such jurisdiction, the Billing Party shall make any future payments to the other party without deduction for the items set forth in the certificate, until such time as the Billing Party reasonably believes that it has a withholding obligation.Either Party shall pay any applicable sales or value added tax on the paymentsdue. 5.4 Share of Net Revenue. As financial consideration underthis Agreement, Net Revenue will be shared by the parties as follows: (a) For so long as PlanetCAD hosts the Co-Branded Service, during which time PlanetCAD shall be the Billing Party, all Net Revenue derived from sales of the Co-Branded Service to Dassault Systemes Customers shall be apportioned [] percent ([]%) to Dassault Systems and [] percent ([]%) to PlanetCAD. (b) In the event that Dassault Systemes opts to host the Co-Branded Service pursuant to Section 4.7 [Change of Hosting] herein they shall become the Billing Party and all Net Revenue derived from sales of the Co-Branded Service shall be apportioned [] percent ([]%) to Dassault Systems and [] percent ([]%) to PlanetCAD. 5.5 Net Revenue Defined. Net Revenue shall consist of allrevenues recognized by the Billing Party derived from supply of the Co-BrandedService, including the price paid by the customers, less any applicablediscounts and net of any commissions or fees paid to third party resellers, toobtain access to the Co-Branded Service and any other fees and charges invoicedby the Billing Party to the customers, without deduction by such party of anyother costs or expenses related to achievement of the revenue, provided,however, that Net 7 8Revenue shall be reduced by the amount, if any, of (i) value-added taxes, (ii)sales taxes or (iii) withholding taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on paymentsmade by a payor in such jurisdiction to a payee outside of such jurisdiction. 5.6 Reporting and Payment Obligations. Within 7 Business Daysafter the end of each calendar quarter, the Billing Party shall provide theother party with an itemized statement, subject to adjustment within 30 days ofreceipt of such statement, setting forth the Net Revenue achieved over thepreceding calendar quarter, and shall include such other information as may bemutually agreed upon by the parties (the "Revenue Report"). The Revenue Reportshall be accompanied by payment to the Non-Billing Party of all amounts owed asset forth on such Revenue Report, as well as - when applicable - the exchangecurrency rate. When agreed between the parties as provided for in Section 5.2 [Pricing of the Co-Branded Service],payment will be made to the Non-Billing Party in the currency received by theBilling Party for the provision of the Co-Branded Service. Otherwise, paymentshall be made in US dollars as provided for in Section 5.2 [Pricing of the Co-Branded Service]. In the event thatthe Billing Party is unable under foreign currency export controls or similarapplicable laws, unknown to the parties at the time where they agree on paymentsin that currency, to provide payment to the Non-Billing Party in the currencyreceived by the Billing Party the parties agree to negotiate a mutuallyagreeable solution. A partys right to payment shall accrue upon the date thecorresponding revenues accrue to the Billing Party. The parties shall payinterest for late payment of any sum due at the LIBOR rate plus four points (notto exceed the maximum rate authorized, or be inferior to the minimum rateallowed, by applicable law, as the case may be). 5.7 Records - Audit. The Billing Party shall, for two yearsfollowing each transaction relating to the Co-Branded Service, keep true andaccurate records and books of account of such transaction containing allparticulars which may be necessary for the purpose of auditing payments to theNon-Billing Party under this Agreement. During such two-year period, and uponreasonable notice to the Billing Party, the Non-Billing Party shall have theright to have an audit conducted through a licensed independent accounting firm,of any billings, collections, and taxes on such itemized statement, and toexamine the records and books of account of the Billing Party in connectiontherewith. The Billing Party will bear the costs of such audit if a discrepancySource: RAND WORLDWIDE INC, 8-K/A, 4/2/2001or error of computation in an amount greater than 10,000 in favor of theNon-Billing Party is identified. Any audit conducted pursuant to this Section5.7 [Records -] shall not be conducted in such a manner as to unreasonably interfere withthe Non-Billing Partys operations and in no event shall an audit be conductedmore frequently than once each year. 8 9 SECTION 6 DASSAULT SYSTEMES CUSTOMER DATABASES 6.1 PlanetCADs obligation to maintain and update DassaultSystemes Customer Databases. For as long as PlanetCAD hosts the Co-BrandedService, PlanetCAD will maintain and continuously update Dassault SystemesCustomer Database(s), which shall include without limitation, databases ofDassault Systemes Customers, of demands from and results of Web servicessupplied to Dassault Systemes Customers and associated Net Revenue and of datacollected via the Customer Relations Management ("CRM") environment. TheDassault Systemes Customer Databases must be held separately from any otherdatabases held or maintained by PlanetCAD. If not held separately, the DassaultSystemes Customer Databases must be clearly identified and sorted out as theproperty of Dassault Systemes and the provisions regarding PlanetCADs limitedright of use and its obligation of confidentiality as set forth below applywithout change. 6.2 Ownership of Dassault Systemes Customer Databases.Dassault Systemes will be deemed the maker of the Dassault Systemes CustomerDatabases and the owner of any and all right, title and interest in and to theDassault Systemes Customer Databases and their content, wherever hosted. At all times during the Term of this Agreement, DassaultSystemes will have unrestricted access to and use of the Dassault SystemesCustomer Databases, and the content therein. At all times during the Term of this Agreement, and as long asthe Dassault Systemes Customer Databases are hosted by PlanetCAD, PlanetCADbenefits from a limited right to use the assault Systemes Customer Databasesfor the exclusive purpose of performing its obligations under this Agreement. 6.3 Transfer of Dassault Systemes Customer Databases. Upondiscontinuation of hosting of the Co-Branded Service, PlanetCAD will transfer toDassault Systemes the Dassault Systemes Customer Databases upon DassaultSystemes request. PlanetCAD will have no right, license or interest whatsoeverin the Dassault Systemes Customer Databases or content therein, except to theextent necessary for performance of its obligations under this Agreement. 6.4 Warranty of Confidentiality of Dassault Systemes CustomerDatabases and Input and Output Data of Dassault Systemes Customers. The partiesexpressly agree that the Dassault Systemes Customer Databases and their contentas well as Dassault Systemes Customers input data to be processed and outputdata supplied, are confidential information of Dassault Systemes, and will betreated as such, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the CNDA. 9 10 SECTION 7 COMPETITIVE RESTRICTIONS 7.1 Restrictions on PlanetCAD. (a) During the Term of this Agreement, and for a period of oneyear thereafter, except as expressly provided in this Agreement, PlanetCAD shallnot market any services to Customers without the prior written approval ofDassault Systemes. (b) During the Term of this Agreement, PlanetCAD shall bepermitted to market new functions and services relating to the Co-BrandedService directly to Dassault Systemes Customers with Dassault Systemes priorwritten approval, but only to the extent such functions and services are offeredby PlanetCAD on the PlanetCAD Web site(s). (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, PlanetCAD may market newfunctions and services on the PlanetCAD Web sites to customers that are DassaultSystemes Customers, without the consent of Dassault Systemes, provided PlanetCAD(i) obtained the contact information of such customer from an independent sourceunrelated to the parties to this Agreement and can provide evidence as to theindependent source of the name and e-mail address of such customer, and (ii) didnot use the data contained in the Dassault Systemes Customer Database(s). 7.2 Restrictions on Dassault Systemes. Except as contemplatedunder this Agreement, during the two year period following the Effective Date,Dassault Systemes shall not commercially offer any web service, which is (i)based upon the ACIS-based software transferred to Dassault Systemes inSource: RAND WORLDWIDE INC, 8-K/A, 4/2/2001connection with the Purchase Agreement and (ii) similar to the Co-BrandedService. 7.3 Non-Exclusive Services Agreement. It is agreed andacknowledged by the parties that this Agreement is not an exclusive servicesagreement and except for the restrictions set forth in this Section nothingherein shall prohibit Dassault Systemes, PlanetCAD or any of their affiliatesfrom developing or supplying, whether directly or indirectly, web servicessubstantially identical to those described herein. SECTION 8 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 8.1 Mutual Representations. Each party represents and warrantsto the other party as follows: (a) The performance of this Agreement does not infringe orconflict with any Intellectual Property right of any third party, and (ii) noconfidential, proprietary or trade secret information of either party or theirpersonnel that will be used in performing this Agreement has beenmisappropriated from any third party; and 10 11 (b) All services, work, obligations or assignments performedby either party under this Agreement will be of professional quality, conformingto generally accepted practices within the industry, and the Infrastructureincluding Third Party Software shall function and perform to the specificationsand requirements thereof. 8.2 Hosting Representations and Warranties of PlanetCAD. Forso long as PlanetCAD is hosting the Co-Branded Service, PlanetCAD shall usecommercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the services provided on the siteare equivalent in functionality and performance to the applications run on thePlanetCAD Web sites and of good quality according to generally acceptedpractices within the industry. 8.3 Disclaimer. THIS IS AN AGREEMENT SOLELY FOR SERVICES, ANDTHERE SHALL BE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, EXCEPT AS STATED HEREIN. SECTION 9 INDEMNITIES AND LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY 9.1 Dassault Systemes Indemnification. Dassault Systemes shallindemnify and hold harmless PlanetCAD, and its officers, directors, employees,and shareholders from and against any claims, demands, suits, causes of action,losses, damages, judgments, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneysfees) arising out of or related to any breach of Dassault Systemesrepresentations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement. 9.2 PlanetCAD Indemnification. PlanetCAD shall indemnify andhold harmless Dassault Systemes, its affiliates, and their respective officers,directors, employees, and shareholders from and against any claims, demands,suits, causes of action, losses, damages, judgments, costs and expenses(including reasonable attorneys fees) arising out of or related to any breachof PlanetCADs representations, warranties and covenants set forth in thisAgreement. 9.3 Intellectual Property Infringement.Each Party agrees tohold the other Party, its subsidiaries and distributors and assignees harmlessfrom and against any claim of any nature, including, but not limited to,administrative, civil or criminal procedures, which is or may be made or raisedagainst this Party, its subsidiaries and distributors and assignees by any thirdparty that the use or distribution of the Software or any other intellectualproperty that is the subject of this Agreement and owned or licensed by thisParty, infringes or violates any third partys patent, copyright, trade secretor other intellectual property right in any country. Indemnification hereundershall cover all damages, regardless of their nature, settlements, expenses andcosts, including costs of investigation, court costs and attorneys fees. Thepayment of any indemnification shall be contingent on: (a) This Party giving prompt written notice to the other of any such claim or allegation; (b) Cooperation by this Party with the other Party in its defense against the claim; and 11 12 (c) This Party obtaining the others prior written approval of any settlement, if any, by this Party of such matters, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld.Source: RAND WORLDWIDE INC, 8-K/A, 4/2/2001 Neither Party shall have the obligation to indemnify the otherfor any claims of infringement based on any modification by the latest versionof its Software, or from the combination of its Software with any other programto the extent such claim would not have arisen without such combination or fromuse of the unmodified Software or intellectual property. If the operation of any Software that is the subject of thisAgreement becomes, or is likely to become, the subject of a claim involving theinfringement or other violation of any patent, copyright, trade secret, or otherintellectual property rights of any third party, the Parties will jointlydetermine in good faith what appropriate steps are to be taken by them, with aview towards curing such infringement or other violation, at the Softwareowners sole charge. Such steps may include, but are not limited to: (i) The owner securing the right to continue using its Software, or (ii) The owner replacing or modifying its Software so that it becomes non-infringing. If no other option is reasonably available, the owner of theSoftware agrees to use its best efforts to withdraw, at its sole expense, theinfringing Software from the market. In the event a Derivative Work, created under this Agreement,becomes the subject of a claim of infringement, the owner of said DerivativeWork shall indemnify the other Party pursuant to this Section 9. 9.4 LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY. EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY ARISINGFROM SECTION 9.3 [Intellectual Property Infringement], IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANYINDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES, OREXPENSES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS, OR LOSS OFGOODWILL, EVEN IF THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS ORDAMAGE. EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY ARISING FROM SECTION 9.3 [Intellectual Property Infringement], IN NO EVENTSHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR AN AMOUNT GREATER THAN THEAMOUNT THAT SUCH PARTY HAS EARNED PURSUANT TO THE REVENUE SHARING PROVISIONS OFSECTION 5.4 [Share of Net Revenue] IN THE TWELVE MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE CLAIM. SECTION 10 TERM AND TERMINATION 10.1 Term. This Agreement shall be effective as of theEffective Date and shall continue in force for three years from the Launch Date(the "Initial Term") unless earlier 12 13terminated in accordance with this Section (the "Term"). The Agreement shallautomatically renew for successive one year additional terms unless terminatedby either party at least six months prior to the expiration of the then-currentterm. 10.2 Breach. Either party may terminate this Agreement at anytime in the event that the other party is in default or breach of any materialprovision of this Agreement, and such default or breach continues unremedied fora period of sixty days after written notice thereof. In addition to the right toterminate this Agreement, the non-breaching party, shall have all rights andremedies available at law and in equity. 10.3 Failure of Negotiations After Initial Term. The revenuesharing obligations set forth in Section 5.4 [Share of Net Revenue] shall be subject to re-negotiationat the end of the Initial Term. The parties agree to negotiate in good faith,however, in the event they are unable to agree to satisfactory terms, thisAgreement shall terminate six months from the date on which the parties make aconclusive determination that satisfactory terms could not be reached. SECTION 11 MISCELLANEOUS 11.1 Confidentiality. All communications and informationdisclosed by one party to the other party under this Agreement shall be subjectto the terms and conditions of the CNDA. 11.2 Freedom of Action. Except as otherwise provided, nothingcontained in this Agreement shall be construed to limit or impair any right ofeither party to enter into similar agreements with other parties, or to develop,acquire, license or market, directly or indirectly, other products or services,competitive with those offered by the other party. 11.3 Additional Instruments. Notwithstanding termination ofthis Agreement, the parties covenant and agree to execute and deliver anyadditional instruments or documents necessary to carry out the general intent ofthis Agreement, including without limitation patent assignments or any otherassignments necessary to evidence the ownership of intellectual propertycontemplated hereby or any such additional instruments or documents, includingSource: RAND WORLDWIDE INC, 8-K/A, 4/2/2001such instruments as may be required by the laws of any jurisdiction, now or ineffect or hereinafter enacted, that may affect a partys rights, title orinterest, as applicable, in and to any of the software governed hereby. 13 14 11.4 Irreparable Injury. Each party acknowledges and agreesthat each covenant in this Agreement pertaining to confidential information andownership of intellectual property is reasonable and necessary to protect andpreserve the rights of the other party in its confidential information andintellectual property, and that any breach by such party of the terms of thisAgreement may result in irreparable injury to the other party. Each party,therefore, subject to a claim of laches, estoppel, acquiescence or other delayin seeking relief, consents and agrees that the other party shall be entitled toseek and obtain a temporary restraining order and a permanent injunction toprevent a breach or contemplated breach of this Agreement and waives anyrequirement that the other party post a bond in connection with seeking suchinjunctive relief. 11.5 Relationship of the Parties. PlanetCAD and DassaultSystemes are independent contractors, and nothing in this Agreement will createany partnership, joint venture, agency, franchise, sales representative, oremployment relationship between the parties. Neither party has the authority toact as agent for the other party or to conduct business in the name of suchother party or make statements, warranties or representations that exceed or areinconsistent with the warranties provided hereunder. 11.6 Notices. All notices required or permitted shall be givenin writing, in the English language, and shall be deemed effectively deliveredupon personal delivery or three days after deposit with a carrier by registeredmail or other equivalent service, postage prepaid, return receipt requested,addressed as follows, or to such other address as either party may designate tothe other: 14 15 In the case of PlanetCAD : PlanetCAD Inc. 2520 55th Street, Suite 200 Boulder, Colorado 80301 Attn. Office of the President In the case of Dassault Systemes: Dassault Systemes 9 Quai Marcel Dassault 92150 Suresnes Attn. Thibault De Tersant cc: Law Department 11.7 Headings. The descriptive headings contained in thisAgreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect in any waythe meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 11.8 Severability. If any term or other provision of thisAgreement is deemed invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any lawor public policy, all other terms and provisions of this Agreement shallnevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legalsubstance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any mannermaterially adverse to any party. 11.9 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with theSchedules attached hereto, constitutes the entire agreement of the parties withrespect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements andundertakings, both written and oral, between and PlanetCAD with respect to thesubject matter hereof. 11.10 Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended or modifiedexcept by an instrument in writing signed by, or on behalf of, duly authorizedrepresentatives of Dassault Systemes and PlanetCAD. 15 16 11.11 Applicable Law, Venue. This Agreement shall be governedby, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of New York,applicable to contracts executed in and to be performed entirely within thatSource: RAND WORLDWIDE INC, 8-K/A, 4/2/2001state. This Agreement shall not be governed by the U.N. Convention on Contractsfor the International Sale of Goods. The parties hereto hereby (a) submit to theexclusive jurisdiction of any court of competent jurisdiction sitting in theState of Delaware, The City of Wilmington for the purpose of any Action arisingout of or relating to this Agreement brought by any party hereto, and (b) agree,to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to waive, and not to assertby way of motion, defense, or otherwise, in any such Action, any claim that isnot subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts, that itsproperty is exempt or immune from attachment or execution, that the Action isbrought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the Action is improper, orthat this Agreement may not be enforced in or by any of the above-named courts. 11.12 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBYWAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVETO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS DIRECTLY ORINDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, OR THETRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER. 11.13 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one ormore counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an originalbut all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 11.14 No Waiver. The failure of either party to enforce anyprovision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of the right tosubsequently enforce such provision, or any other provision of this Agreement. 11.15 Force Majeure. Neither party shall be held liable forany failure to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement for as longas, and to the extent that such failure is due to an event of force majeure. Anevent of force majeure shall include general strikes, lockouts, acts of God,acts of war, mobilization of troops, fire, extreme weather, flood, or othernatural calamity, embargo, acts of governmental agency, government or any otherlaws or regulations. 11.16 Expenses. Except as expressly provided for in thisAgreement, each party shall bear its own expenses incurred in connection withthis Agreement, including without limitation travel and living expenses incurredby that partys employees. 11.17 Assignment; Subcontracting; Third Party Beneficiaries. (a) This Agreement may be assigned or otherwise transferred,by operation of law or otherwise without the express written consent ofPlanetCAD and Dassault Systemes, but in such event the assigning Party shallgive notice to the non-assigning Party and the non-assigning Party shall havethe right to terminate this Agreement within the 30-day period following receiptof such notice. 16 17 (b) Either party may assign or otherwise transfer all or partof this Agreement to any of its Affiliates, and for as long as it remains anAffiliate; provided that no such assignment shall relieve a party of any of itsobligations under this Agreement. In the event there is a change of Control ofan Affiliate which terminates its status as an Affiliate of the party to thisAgreement, and this Agreement has been assigned to such an Affiliate, thisAgreement must be assigned back to the party within 6 months of the effectivedate of the change of Control. (c) Either Party may subcontract services necessary to performthe obligations set forth in this Agreement provided that any and all suchsubcontractors shall have entered into agreements with the subcontracting Partysufficient to enable that Party to comply with all terms and conditions of thisAgreement. (d) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely tothe benefit of the parties hereto and their permitted assigns, subcontractor ortransferee, and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shallconfer upon any other person, including, without limitation, any union or anyemployee or former employee of either party, any legal or equitable right,benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, anyrights of employment for any specified period, under or by reason of thisAgreement. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party has caused its duly authorizedrepresentative to execute this Agreement effective the day and year first abovewritten. PlanetCAD Inc. Dassault Systemes/s/ R. Bruce Morgan /s/ Thibault de TersantSource: RAND WORLDWIDE INC, 8-K/A, 4/2/2001 --------------- -------------------Its: Chief Executive Officer Its: Executive Vice PresidentName: R. Bruce Morgan Name: Thibault de Tersant 17Source: RAND WORLDWIDE INC, 8-K/A, 4/2/2001