Exhibit 4Rare Element Resources Ltd. EXECUTION COPY IP Rights AgreementINTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AGREEMENT Synchron, a California corporation having a principal place of business at 3550 General Atomics Court, San Diego, CA 92121-1122 (or oneor more Affiliates, the "Investor"), and Rare Element Resources Ltd., a British Columbia Corporation having a principal place of business at P.O. Box271049, Littleton, Colorado 80127 (the "Company") (Investor and Company each a “Party” and together the "Parties"), agree as follows: I.Background of Agreement 1.00 Company is the owner of certain Patents and related Technical Information relating to rare earth mineral processing and rare earthseparation. 1.01 Investor wishes to acquire certain rights under the Patents and related Technical Information in accordance with the terms of this IPAgreement. 1.02 Company and Investor are concurrently entering into an Investment Agreement ("Investment Agreement") whereby Investor ismaking a monetary investment in Company. 1.03 Company is issuing the Option pursuant to which Investor will be entitled to purchase common shares of Company. II.Definitions As used herein, the following terms have the meaning set forth below: 2.01 Any term set out in this IP Agreement with its initial letters capitalized, shall have the same meaning as it has in the InvestmentAgreement, unless a different meaning is explicitly assigned to the term in this IP Agreement. 2.02 "Affiliate" has the meaning set forth in the Investment Agreement. 2.03 “Business Day” has the meaning set forth in the Investment Agreement. 2.04 “Company” has the meaning set out above in the introductory paragraph. 2.05 “Company Improvements” has the meaning set out below in Article 5.00. Source: RARE ELEMENT RESOURCES LTD, SC 13D, 10/19/2017Rare Element Resources Ltd. EXECUTION COPY IP Rights Agreement 2.06 “Dispute” has the meaning set out below in Article 18.00. 2.07 “Dispute Notice” has the meaning set out below in Article 18.00. 2.08 "Effective Date" has the meaning of the "Closing Date" set forth in the Investment Agreement. 2.09 “Escalation to Mediation Date” has the meaning set out below in Article 18.01. 2.10 "Improvement" or "Improvements" means any modification of a process or other technology described in a Patent, and anymodification to Technical Information. 2.11 “Investment Agreement” has the meaning set out above in Article 1.02. 2.12 “Investor” has the meaning set out above in the introductory paragraph. 2.13 “Investor Improvements” has the meaning set out below in Article 5.01. 2.14 "IP Agreement" means this agreement, including all Exhibits referenced herein and attached hereto. 2.15 “Joint Improvements” has the meaning set out below in Article 5.02. 2.16 "Option" has the meaning set forth in the Investment Agreement. 2.17 "Option Period" has the meaning set forth in the Investment Agreement. 2.18 "Patent" or "Patents" means: (a) any and all patents and patent applications owned by Company anywhere in the world as of theEffective Date relating to rare earth mineral processing and rare earth separation including without limitation those patents and patent applicationslisted in Exhibit A; (b) any and all divisions, continuations, continuations-in-part of any of the patents and patent applications within subdivision(a); (c) any and all patents that may directly or indirectly issue from any patent applications within subdivisions (a) and (b); (d) any and all re-issues, substitutes and extensions of any of the patents within subdivisions (a), (b) and (c); and (e) any and all counterparts or equivalents to anyof the foregoing in any country of the world. 2.19 “Party” and “Parties” have the meanings set out above in the introductory paragraph. Source: RARE ELEMENT RESOURCES LTD, SC 13D, 10/19/2017Rare Element Resources Ltd. EXECUTION COPY IP Rights Agreement 2.20 “Person” has the meaning set forth in the Investment Agreement. 2.21 "Technical Information" means research and development information that is published or unpublished, unpatented inventions,know-how, trade secrets, and technical data in the possession of Company at the Effective Date of this IP Agreement or developed by Companyduring the term of this IP Agreement that relate to rare earth mineral processing and rare earth separation. 2.22 “Third Party” means a Person other than Investor, the Company or one of their Affiliates. III.License 3.00 Company grants to Investor, for the duration of the Option Period, a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, irrevocable license (withthe right to grant sublicenses to Affiliates) under the Patents to practice the methods therein described and claimed and to make and have made,use, offer to sell, sell and import products made using such methods, and to make Improvements, and to engage in any activity which would giverise to a claim of infringement (direct or indirect or otherwise) of one or more of the Patents in the absence of a license. 3.01 Company further grants to Investor, during the duration of the Option Period, a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, irrevocablelicense (with the right to grant sublicenses to Affiliates) to use the Technical Information to practice the methods described and claimed in thePatents and to make and have made, use, offer to sell, sell and import products made using the methods, and to make Improvements, and to engagein any activity which would give rise to a claim of infringement (direct or indirect or otherwise) of one or more of the Patents in the absence of alicense. 3.02 If the Option is not exercised prior to the expiration of the Option Period, then Company agrees to extend the license grants set forthin Articles 3.00 and 3.01 beyond the expiration of the Option Period, subject to an annual licensing fee paid by Investor to Company. The non-exclusive rights granted to Investor under this Article 3.02 do not include the right to grant sublicenses to Third Parties. The amount andparameters of the annual licensing fee shall be commercially reasonable, as determined by an independent expert who is mutually agreeable to theParties and whose determination shall be final and binding; provided, however, that if the Parties cannot agree on the independent expert, eachParty shall designate an expert of their choice and the two experts designated by the Parties shall work together in good faith to identify anddesignate a third, independent expert whose determination shall be binding. Source: RARE ELEMENT RESOURCES LTD, SC 13D, 10/19/2017Rare Element Resources Ltd. EXECUTION COPY IP Rights Agreement 3.03 If the Option is exercised before the expiration of the Option Period, the license grants set forth in Articles 3.00 and 3.01 will becomeexclusive to Investor for a perpetual term, shall not be subject to a licensing fee, the granted licenses in favor of the Investor shall be deemed fullypaid-up, and the rights granted to Investor under Articles 3.00 and 3.01 shall include the right to grant sublicenses to Third Parties. 3.04 Prior to the earlier of Investor exercising the Option and the expiration of the Option Period, Company will not grant to any Third Partyany rights to the Patents or to the Technical Information that extend beyond the expiration of the Option Period. 3.05 The licenses granted in Articles 3.01 to 3.04 of this IP Agreement are subject to a reserved non-exclusive license in the Company topractice the methods described and claimed in the Patents and to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell and import rare earth products made usingsuch methods, and to use the Technical Information to practice the methods described and claimed in the Patents for such purposes. Such reservednon-exclusive license shall be solely for use by the Company and its Affiliates and shall not be transferable to any Third Party, except in connectionwith a merger, consolidation, or the sale or transfer of substantially all of the Companys assets associated with the performance of this IPAgreement. 3.06 Investor will not disclose to Third Parties any unpublished Technical Information furnished by Company to Investor during the termof this IP Agreement, or any time thereafter; provided, however, that disclosure may be made of any such Technical Information at any time (i) withthe prior written consent of Company, (ii) to Affiliates of Investor, (iii) to Third Parties, in confidence, if and when the Option is exercised before theexpiration of the Option Period, (iv) after such Technical Information has become public through no fault of Investor, (v) if such TechnicalInformation is received from a third person who had a right to disclose it, (vi) if Investor can show such Technical Information was independentlydeveloped without access to any such Technical Information, or (vii) if Investor can demonstrate such Technical Information was in its rightfulpossession free of any obligation of confidentiality prior to its first receipt from Company. Source: RARE ELEMENT RESOURCES LTD, SC 13D, 10/19/2017Rare Element Resources Ltd. EXECUTION COPY IP Rights Agreement 3.07 The licenses and other rights of Investor set forth in this IP Agreement are an encumbrance on (and thus run with) the Patents andTechnical Information, and shall be enforceable against any entity having or obtaining ownership of, or the right to enforce, any of the Patents andTechnical Information or any rights therein. Company shall obligate any Person to whom Company assigns or otherwise confers an ownershipinterest or right to enforce any of the Patents and Technical Information or any rights therein to: (a) fully honor in all respects all of the rights andlicenses granted to Investor under this IP Agreement; and (b) obligate all subsequent assignees or other Persons who obtain an ownership interestor right to enforce any of the Patents and Technical Information or any rights therein to (i) similarly fully honor all of the foregoing in all respects,and (ii) expressly flow down all of the foregoing (including, without limitation, this flow down obligation) in all subsequent assignments or otheragreements that confer an ownership interest or right to enforce any of the Patents and Technical Information or any rights therein. Anyassignment or agreement or other transaction by Company that fails to be in complete compliance with this Article 3.07 or any other provision ofthis IP Agreement shall be null and void. 3.08 Company does not warrant the accuracy of Technical Information provided to Investor hereunder. Subject to and except for anyindemnification obligations under Article 3.09 below, Company will not be under any liability arising out of the supplying of Technical Informationunder, in connection with, or as a result of this IP Agreement, whether on warranty, contract, negligence or otherwise. 3.09 Company represents that to the best of its knowledge, the methods described and claimed in the Patents and the TechnicalInformation, and the products produced thereby in accordance with such information, will be free from claims of infringement of the patents andcopyrights of any Third Party. Company further represents that it has not received any written notice of a claim and otherwise has no knowledgethat the methods described and claimed in the Patents and the Technical Information, and the products produced thereby in accordance with suchinformation, violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person. Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Investor, Investors’ Affiliates, and theirofficers and directors, and their direct and indirect customers, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses,liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, diminution in value, deficiencies, actions, proceedings, taxes, costs and expenses, includingall judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of investigation as incurred, arising out of orrelating to any breach of any of the representations made in this Article 3.09. Source: RARE ELEMENT RESOURCES LTD, SC 13D, 10/19/2017Rare Element Resources Ltd. EXECUTION COPY IP Rights Agreement 3.10 Company represents and warrants that the definitions of Patents and Technical Information cover and include all patents, patentapplications, patent rights, research and development information, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, and technical data used by the Company inits business at the Effective Date of this IP Agreement that relate to rare earth mineral processing and rare earth separation. IV.Prosecution of the Patents 4.00 Company will have the sole right to file, prosecute, and maintain all Patents covering the inventions that are the property of Companyand will have the right to determine whether or not, and where, to file a patent application, to abandon the prosecution of any patent or patentapplication, or to discontinue the maintenance of any patent or patent application. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Company elects to abandonany patent application, to not pay maintenance fees or annuities to keep a patent in force, or to otherwise take or fail to take any action that willresult in a loss of patent rights, Company shall give Investor at least sixty (60) days prior written notice and an opportunity to take over theprosecution of the patent application that would be abandoned and/or pay the fees necessary to keep the patent in force and/or take any otheraction necessary to avoid the loss of patent rights. In the event that Investor takes over the prosecution of a patent application or maintenance of apatent under this Article 4.00, Company shall retain ownership of the patent application or patent, and the patent shall remain subject to this IPAgreement. Source: RARE ELEMENT RESOURCES LTD, SC 13D, 10/19/2017Rare Element Resources Ltd. EXECUTION COPY IP Rights Agreement V.Improvements 5.00 Improvements made or acquired solely by the Company ("Company Improvements") during the term of this IP Agreement shall bedeemed Technical Information hereunder and shall be subject to the license provisions set forth in Article III for Technical Information. Any patentapplications and any patents relating to any Company Improvements shall be deemed Patents hereunder and shall be subject to the licenseprovisions set forth in Article III for Patents. 5.01 Investor shall own all right, title and interest in any Improvement made or acquired by the Investor ("Investor Improvement").Investor hereby agrees to grant to Company a non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free license under any Investor Improvement and any patentclaiming such Investor Improvement, solely for use in rare earth mineral processing and rare earth separation, to make and have made, use, offer tosell, sell and import products made using the Investor Improvements. Such rights to Investor Improvements shall be solely for use by the Companyand its Affiliates and shall not be transferable to any Third Party, except in connection with a merger, consolidation, or the sale or transfer ofsubstantially all of Companys assets associated with performance under this IP Agreement. 5.02 Investor shall own all right, title and interest in any Improvement made jointly by Company and Investor ("Joint Improvements")during the term of this IP Agreement, and Company agrees to and hereby does assign to Investor any right, title and interest it may otherwise havein any Joint Improvement. 5.03 Investor hereby agrees to grant to Company a non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free license under any Joint Improvement and anypatent claiming such Joint Improvement solely for use in rare earth mineral processing and rare earth separation. Such rights to Joint Improvementsshall be solely for use by the Company and shall not be transferable to any Third Party except in connection with a merger, consolidation, or thesale or transfer of substantially all of Companys assets associated with performance under this IP Agreement. Source: RARE ELEMENT RESOURCES LTD, SC 13D, 10/19/2017Rare Element Resources Ltd. EXECUTION COPY IP Rights Agreement 5.04. For the avoidance of doubt, all right, title and interest in intellectual property, whether or not patented, that is made or acquired byone Party or its Affiliate after the Effective Date of this IP Agreement, that is wholly unrelated to the Patents and Technical Information, shall beowned by said Party or its Affiliate. VI.Representations and Disclaimer of Warranties 6.00 SUBJECT TO AND EXCEPT FOR ANY INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER ARTICLE 3.09 ABOVE, NOTHING IN THIS IPAGREEMENT WILL BE DEEMED TO BE A REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY BY COMPANY OF THE ACCURACY, SAFETY OR USEFULNESSFOR ANY PURPOSE OF ANY TECHNICAL INFORMATION, TECHNIQUES, OR PRACTICES AT ANY TIME MADE AVAILABLE BY COMPANY.COMPANY WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER TO INVESTOR OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR OR ON ACCOUNT OF ANY INJURY, LOSSOR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, SUSTAINED BY, OR ANY DAMAGES ASSESSED OR ASSERTED AGAINST, OR ANY OTHERLIABILITY INCURRED BY OR IMPOSED ON INVESTOR OR ANY OTHER PERSON, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH ORRESULTING FROM: (A) THE PRODUCTION, USE OR SALE OF ANY APPARATUS OR PRODUCT OR METHOD, OR THE PRACTICE OF THEPATENTS BY INVESTOR OR ITS ASSIGNS; (B) THE USE BY INVESTOR OR ITS ASSIGNS OF ANY TECHNICAL INFORMATION, TECHNIQUES,OR PRACTICES DISCLOSED BY COMPANY; OR (C) ANY ADVERTISING OR OTHER PROMOTIONAL ACTIVITIES BY INVESTOR OR ITSASSIGNS WITH RESPECT TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING, AND INVESTOR WILL HOLD COMPANY, AND ITS OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES ANDAGENTS, HARMLESS IN THE EVENT COMPANY, OR ITS OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS, IS HELD LIABLE. Source: RARE ELEMENT RESOURCES LTD, SC 13D, 10/19/2017Rare Element Resources Ltd. EXECUTION COPY IP Rights Agreement 6.01 NOTHING IN THIS IP AGREEMENT WILL BE DEEMED TO BE A REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY BY INVESTOR OF THEACCURACY, SAFETY OR USEFULNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE OF ANY IMPROVEMENTS AT ANY TIME MADE AVAILABLE BY INVESTOR.INVESTOR WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER TO COMPANY OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR OR ON ACCOUNT OF ANY INJURY, LOSSOR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, SUSTAINED BY, OR ANY DAMAGES ASSESSED OR ASSERTED AGAINST, OR ANY OTHERLIABILITY INCURRED BY OR IMPOSED ON COMPANY OR ANY OTHER PERSON, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH ORRESULTING FROM: (A) THE PRODUCTION, USE OR SALE OF ANY APPARATUS OR PRODUCT OR METHOD, OR THE PRACTICE OF ANYIMPROVEMENTS AT ANY TIME BY THE COMPANY, ITS AFFILIATES OR ASSIGNS; (B) THE USE OF ANY IMPROVEMENTS AT ANY TIMEMADE AVAILABLE BY INVESTOR BY THE COMPANY, ITS AFFILIATES OR ASSIGNS; OR (C) ANY ADVERTISING OR OTHER PROMOTIONALACTIVITIES BY COMPANY ITS AFFILIATES OR ASSIGNS WITH RESPECT TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING, AND COMPANY WILL HOLDINVESTOR, AND ITS OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS, HARMLESS IN THE EVENT INVESTOR, OR ITS OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES ORAGENTS, IS HELD LIABLE. VII.Litigation 7.00 Investor will notify Company of any suspected infringement of the Patents. Subject to Article 7.01 below, the sole right to institute asuit for infringement of the Patents rests with Company. Investor agrees to reasonably cooperate with Company in such suit for infringement,including requesting Investors employees or consultants to testify when requested by Company in writing, making available records, papers,information, specimens, and the like, provided and only to the extent such is reasonably necessary to prosecute the suit. For the avoidance ofdoubt, nothing in this Article 7.00 shall require Investor to join any such suit as a party, and Company shall not seek to join Investor to any suchsuit as a party absent the express written consent of Investor. Any recovery received pursuant to such suit will first go to Investor to reimburseInvestor for any costs and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) reasonably incurred by Investor in cooperating with Company in the suit, and anyremaining amounts shall be retained by Company. Source: RARE ELEMENT RESOURCES LTD, SC 13D, 10/19/2017Rare Element Resources Ltd. EXECUTION COPY IP Rights Agreement 7.01 If, after the Option is exercised before the expiration of the Option Period such that the license grants set forth in Articles 3.00 and 3.01have become exclusive under Article 3.03, Company does not enforce the Patents, through legal action or otherwise, Investor may enforce thePatents and Company agrees to reasonably cooperate with Investor in such suit for infringement, including requesting Company’s employees orconsultants to testify when requested by Investor in writing, making available records, papers, information, specimens, and the like, provided andonly to the extent such is reasonably necessary to prosecute the suit. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Article 7.01 shall requireCompany to join any such suit as a party, and Investor shall not seek to join Company to any such suit as a party absent the express writtenconsent of Company; provided, however, if Company elects not to give its express written consent to be joined as a party, but joinder is required inorder for Investor to file or maintain legal action to enforce any Patents, Company agrees that if requested by Investor, Company will negotiate andenter into an amendment to this IP Agreement to the extent necessary for Investor to file or maintain legal action to enforce the Patents. Anyrecovery received pursuant to such suit will first go to Company to reimburse Company for any costs and expenses (including attorneys’ fees)reasonably incurred by Company in cooperating with Investor in the suit, and any remaining amounts shall be retained by Investor. VIII.Non-assignability 8.00 This IP Agreement imposes personal obligations on Investor. Investor will not assign to any Third Party any rights under this IPAgreement not specifically transferable by its terms without the prior written consent of Company, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld.For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the foregoing: (1) such rights are assignable by Investor to an Affiliate of Investor, and (2)Investor’s rights in Investor Improvements and Joint Improvements shall be freely assignable by Investor to any Person. Source: RARE ELEMENT RESOURCES LTD, SC 13D, 10/19/2017Rare Element Resources Ltd. EXECUTION COPY IP Rights Agreement IX.Severability 9.00 The Parties agree that if any part, term or provision of this IP Agreement is found illegal or in conflict with any valid controlling law,the validity of the remaining provisions will not be affected thereby. 9.01 Should any provision of this IP Agreement be held by a court of law to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall bereplaced by such provision as most closely reflects the intent of the invalid provision, and the legality, validity and enforceability of the remainingprovisions of this Agreement will not be affected or impaired thereby. X.Waiver, Integration, Alteration 10.00 The waiver of a breach hereunder may be effected only by a writing signed by the waiving Party and will not constitute a waiver ofany other breach. 10.01 This IP Agreement, together with the Investment Agreement and any other documents or agreements executed in connection withthe transactions contemplated thereunder, represents the entire understanding between the Parties, and supersedes all other agreements, express orimplied, between the Parties concerning the Patents and Technical Information. XI.Execution 11.00 This IP Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the sameagreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each Party and delivered to each other Party, it being understoodthat the Parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a“.pdf” format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the Party executing (or on whose behalf such signature isexecuted) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or “.pdf” signature page were an original thereof. Source: RARE ELEMENT RESOURCES LTD, SC 13D, 10/19/2017Rare Element Resources Ltd. EXECUTION COPY IP Rights Agreement XII.Cooperation 12.00 Each Party will execute any instruments reasonably believed by the other Party to be necessary to implement the provisions of thisIP Agreement. XIII.Construction 13.00 This IP Agreement will be construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the state of New York and of the United States ofAmerica. XIV.Exportation of Technical Information 14.00 Investor agrees that it will not export the Technical Information furnished to Investor either directly or indirectly by Company, to anydestination or Person prohibited by the U.S. Export Administration Regulations or other U.S. export control laws and regulations. 14.01 Company agrees that it will not export any information relating to Improvements or otherwise furnished to Investor either directly orindirectly by Investor Company, to any destination or Person prohibited by the U.S. Export Administration Regulations or other U.S. export controllaws and regulations. XV.Notices Under this IP Agreement 15.00 All written communications and notices between the Parties relating to this IP Agreement shall be made in the manner set forth in theInvestment Agreement. XVI.Term and Termination 16.00 Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Article XVI, this IP Agreement and the licenses granted herein willcontinue in effect from the Effective Date until the expiration of the last to expire of the Patents and any additional period of time thereafter that anyof the Patents remain enforceable such as in the United States where a party can sue for infringement after a patent expires and seek damages forany infringement of the patent during the six years immediately preceding the filing of a suit for infringement. Source: RARE ELEMENT RESOURCES LTD, SC 13D, 10/19/2017Rare Element Resources Ltd. EXECUTION COPY IP Rights Agreement 16.01 Investor at any time may provide written notice to Company of a material breach of this IP Agreement. If Company fails to cure theidentified breach within thirty (30) days after the date of the notice, Investor may terminate this IP Agreement by written notice to Company. 16.02 If the Option is not exercised before the expiration of the Option Period, Company may provide written notice to Investor of amaterial breach of this IP Agreement. If Investor fails to cure the identified breach within thirty (30) days after the date of the notice, Company mayterminate this IP Agreement by written notice to Investor. If the Option is exercised before the expiration of the Option Period, Company may notterminate this IP Agreement for material breach. 16.03 The following provisions of this IP Agreement shall survive termination of this IP Agreement: Article I, Article II, Articles 3.08 and3.09, Article V (as to Improvements made or acquired during the term of the IP Agreement), Article VI, and Articles VIII-XVIII. In addition, for aslong as there continues to exist Technical Information of use by Investor in its business, any rights or licenses Investor has in TechnicalInformation under this Agreement shall survive termination of this IP Agreement under Article 16.00 but not termination under Articles 16.01 or16.02 for material breach. XVII.Bankruptcy 17.00 Each Party acknowledges that all rights, covenants and licenses granted by one Party to the other Party are, and shall otherwise bedeemed to be, for purposes of Section 365(n) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, licenses of rights to “intellectual property” as defined under Section101(35A) of the Bankruptcy Code. Each Party acknowledges this IP Agreement is an Executory Contract and that should any Party become apetitioner under the Bankruptcy Code, §365(n) applies to this IP Agreement and the rights afforded thereunder apply. Each Party furtheracknowledges that if such Party, as a debtor in possession or a trustee-in-bankruptcy in a case under the Bankruptcy Code, rejects this IPAgreement, the other Party may elect to retain their rights under this IP Agreement as provided in Section 365(n) of the Bankruptcy Code. Anychange of control resulting from any such bankruptcy proceeding shall be subject to the rights and licenses granted in this IP Agreement. EachParty agrees that to the extent the Bankruptcy laws of Canada provide the same or similar rights to a licensee as Section 365(n) of the U.S.Bankruptcy Code, a Party may exercise such same or similar rights as specified herein as to the rights under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Source: RARE ELEMENT RESOURCES LTD, SC 13D, 10/19/2017Rare Element Resources Ltd. EXECUTION COPY IP Rights Agreement XVIII.Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Dispute Resolution 18.00 Exclusive Dispute Resolution Mechanism. The procedures set forth in this Article XVIII shall be the exclusive mechanism forresolving any dispute that may arise from time to time relating to this IP Agreement (“Dispute”). Either Party may commence the procedurescontemplated by this Article XVIII by written notice to the other that a Dispute has arisen (a “Dispute Notice”). 18.01 Negotiations. The Parties shall first attempt in good faith to resolve any Dispute by negotiation and consultation betweenthemselves, including without limitation not fewer than two (2) negotiation sessions which shall occur within ten (10) Business Days of the DisputeNotice. In the event that such dispute is not resolved on an informal basis by the conclusion of the second negotiation session, or, if either Partyhas not participated in negotiation sessions as to which notice has been given (the last day of such time period, the “Escalation to MediationDate”), either Party may initiate mediation under Article 18.02. 18.02 Mediation. (a) Either Party may, at any time after the Escalation to Mediation Date, submit the Dispute for mediation. The Parties shall cooperate withone another in selecting a neutral mediator and in scheduling the mediation proceedings. Each Party covenants that they will use commerciallyreasonable efforts in participating in the mediation. Each Party shall prepare for the mediator a written request for mediation, setting forth thesubject of the Dispute, the position and supporting documentation of such Party, and the relief requested. Each Party agrees that the mediator’sfees and expenses and the costs incidental to the mediation will be shared equally between the Parties. Source: RARE ELEMENT RESOURCES LTD, SC 13D, 10/19/2017Rare Element Resources Ltd. EXECUTION COPY IP Rights Agreement (b) The Parties further agree that all offers, promises, conduct, and statements, whether oral or written, made in the course of the mediationby the Parties, their agents, employees, experts, and attorneys, and by the mediator, are confidential, privileged, and inadmissible for any purpose,including impeachment, in any litigation, arbitration or other proceeding involving the Parties, provided that evidence that is otherwise admissibleor discoverable shall not be rendered inadmissible or non-discoverable as a result of its use in the mediation. 18.03 Litigation or Arbitration as a Final Resort. If the Parties cannot resolve any Dispute for any reason, including, but not limited to, thefailure of the Parties to agree to enter into mediation or agree to any settlement proposed by the mediator, within sixty (60) days after the Escalationto Mediation Date, either the Company or the Holder may file suit in a court of competent jurisdiction in accordance with Article 18.04. 18.04 Governing Law; Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this IPAgreement shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Investment Agreement. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this IP Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized officers on the respectivedates herein set forth. Rare Element Resources Ltd. By:/s/ Randall J. Scott Name: Randall J. Scott Title:President and Chief Executive Officer Date:October 2, 2017 Synchron By:/s/ Kenneth J. Mushinski Name: Kenneth J. Mushinski Title:President Date:October 2, 2017 Source: RARE ELEMENT RESOURCES LTD, SC 13D, 10/19/2017EXHIBIT A TitleCountry orAuthorityApplication No.FilingDatePublication No.Patent No.StatusExtraction of Metals fromMetallic CompoundsPCTPCT/US2014/012153 01/18/2014WO 2014/113742N/AExpiredSelective Extraction ofCerium from OtherMetalsUS14/735,1186/9/20152016/0002751--PublishedSelective Extraction ofCerium from OtherMetalsPCTPCT/US2015/034986/9/2015WO2015/191645--ExpiredExtraction of Metals fromMetallic CompoundsAUAU 20142073556/9/2015 PendingExtraction of Metals fromMetallic CompoundsCACA 2,898,6126/9/2015 PendingExtraction of Metals fromMetallic CompoundsEPEP 14740863.76/9/2015 PendingExtraction of Metals fromMetallic CompoundsRURU 20151345766/9/2015 PendingExtraction of Metals fromMetallic CompoundsZAZA 2015/058216/9/2015 PendingExtraction of Metals fromMetallic CompoundsUS14/831,0208/20/20152015/0354026 PublishedProcessing of Rare EarthElementsPCTPCT/US2015/055403 10/13/2015WO 2016/058007N/AExpiredProcessing for theExtraction of Rare EarthElementsUS15/517,88410/13/2015----PendingProcessing for theExtraction of Rare EarthElementsCACA 2,964,30610/13/2015----PendingProcessing for theExtraction of Rare EarthElementsAUAU 201532972310/13/2015----Pending 1 of 1Source: RARE ELEMENT RESOURCES LTD, SC 13D, 10/19/2017