Exhibit 10.8Affiliate Program / Premium Affiliate Management GeneralTerms and ConditionsThe following General Terms and Conditions are intended for (i) Web siteowners (hereafter, "Affiliates") who wish to participate as Affiliates inthe Affiliate Program provided by element 5 (governed by II. and IV. inthese General Terms and Conditions) on the basis of these General Terms andConditions and also for (ii) Software Publishers who distribute theirsoftware products as downloads using the services of element 5 GmbH,Vogelsanger Strasse 78, 50823 Cologne, Germany and its subsidiaries(together hereafter, "element 5") and who wish to make use of theadditional service provided by element 5 (hereafter, "AffiliateManagement", governed under III. and IV. in these General Terms andConditions) for integration of the Affiliate Program provided by element 5.I. Object of the Affiliate Program/ Affiliate Management Program forSoftware PublishersThe object of the Affiliate Program provided by element 5 (hereafter,"Program") is to publish electronic advertisements on the Web site of theAffiliate for selected software products offered by element 5 SoftwarePublishers. Instead of fixed compensation, the Affiliate receives result-dependent Advertising Cost Compensation (also known in the element 5Control Panel as "Commission") in exchange for publishing theadvertisements. The Advertising Cost Compensation depends on the actualsales generated by end users referred via the electronic advertisement (theAffiliates link).Within the context of sales processed from this Program, element 5 acts (tothe end user) as a service provider for Software Publisher and handles thesales process by proxy of Software Publisher in accordance with underlyingshare-it! Developer Agreement. element 5 receives an additional service feefrom the participating Publishers for this Affiliate Management.Under the terms of this Affiliate Management, "Software Publishers ControlPanel" shall mean the password protected secure interface on element 5sWeb servers that allows the Software Publisher to gain access to Sales dataand End User data through a secure online connection and change SoftwarePublisher related settings, e.g. the commission of the Affiliate andactivation and deactivation of the Affiliate."Affiliates Control Panel" shall mean the password protected secureinterface on element 5s Web servers that allows the Affiliate to (i) gainaccess to referred sales through a secure online connection and (ii) changeAffiliate related settings, e.g. input or alteration of personal data,definition of default style within the context of the given technicallimitations, and requests for new partnerships with Software Publishers ortermination of existing partnerships.Source: SOUTHERN STAR ENERGY INC., SB-2/A, 12/2/2005II. Affiliate Program§ 1 Affiliate ParticipationParticipation of an individual Affiliate in the Program is dependent onactivation by the Software Publisher. Once the Affiliate has registered,element 5 will send an e-mail to Software Publisher with a request toactivate the Affiliate. Once the Affiliate is activated by the SoftwarePublisher, the Affiliate is considered to be a participant in this programand is bound by these General Terms and Conditions.§ 2 Products under the Agreement(1) The Products under the Agreement are software products designated bythe respective Software Publisher for this purpose and which can beselected by the Affiliate from a product catalog in the Affiliate ControlPanel.(2) Following initial activation of a product under the agreement, theAffiliate has the opportunity to choose further software products(including those from other Software Publishers), found in the AffiliatesControl Panel, and offer them on the Affiliates Web site under theseGeneral Terms and Conditions. However, the offering of these new productsis dependent on the Software Publisher activating the Affiliate for therespective software.§ 3 Control Panel(1) After successfully completing the registration process forparticipation in the Program, the Affiliate will be sent a user ID and apassword to access to the "Affiliate Control Panel". With the user ID andpassword, the "Affiliate Control Panel" provides the Affiliate access, viaa secure online connection, to a secure area on element 5s Web server sothat the Affiliate may, at any time, view the number of software sales theAffiliate has referred, as well as change other settings.(2) When using the user ID and password, the Affiliate shall observe thefollowing obligations and precautions: (i) Only the Affiliate may use theuser ID and password. (ii) The password shall be kept strictlyconfidential. The Affiliate shall take due care to ensure that nounauthorized parties learn the password. (iii) If the Affiliate loses itspassword or if there is a possibility that an unauthorized party haslearned the user ID and password, the Affiliate shall immediately reportthis to element 5, which can then block access by the Affiliate to theControl Panel. All actions carried out with the user ID and password willbe attributed to the Affiliate.§ 4 Integration of the Link(1) The Affiliate shall integrate the product under the agreement using theappropriate link on its Web site; the link points to the order formoperated by element 5. This link is generated by a Link Generator for therespective product under the agreement. The LinkSource: SOUTHERN STAR ENERGY INC., SB-2/A, 12/2/2005Generator is located in the secure area of element 5s Web site in the"Affiliate Control Panel". The link that is generated contains anindividualized affiliate user ID by means of which any sales can beattributed to the Affiliate. Proper technical integration of the link isthe responsibility of the Affiliate. If the links do not function, noAdvertising Cost Compensation will be paid.(2) The Affiliate shall indicate on its Web site that (i) the Affiliate isacting as an independent partner of the respective Software Publisher byparticipation in the Affiliate Program provided by element 5 and (ii) TheSoftware Publisher is the seller of the product and the payment process isadministered by element 5.(3) The Affiliate shall produce a brief description for each activatedproduct on its Web site. The Affiliate is responsible for the content, thestyle and the layout of this information. The Software Publisher canprovide the Affiliate with graphics and text in an electronic format foruse in describing the product, which the Affiliate shall use for thepurpose of advertising the Products under the Agreement and links accordingto the instructions of the Software Publisher. The Affiliate should beaware that the product prices and availability may change at any time. Itis not recommended that the price be listed on the Web site of theAffiliate. Maintenance of these product prices is possible only on the Websites of the Software Publisher and the Publishers corresponding siteoperated by element 5.§ 5 Order Processing(1) element 5 shall be responsible for the entire order processing for thereferred end user according to the terms and conditions of the underlyingshare-it! Developer Agreement between the Software Publisher and element 5.element 5 shall provide the order forms for the order processing on its Webserver; receive payments from the referred end users and forward thesepayments, less the agreed Advertising Cost Compensation, the service feesand relevant value added tax (VAT) to the Software Publisher; handlerefunds and returns according to the provisions of the underlying share-it!Developer Agreement; and provide end user service relating to theadministration of the order. The Software Publisher shall provide technicalend-user service.(2) element 5 reserves the right to reject queries and orders which do notmeet its requirements; including, in particular, orders by referred endusers who do not meet credit requirements, who do not authorize directdebiting from their bank account, or who do not present a valid creditcard.(3) An agreement by the Software Publisher with the referred end user doesnot exist until either a written or electronic order confirmation arrivesfrom element 5 in the name of the Software Publisher or when element 5begins to fulfill the agreement in the name of the Software Publisher.Typographical, printing and computation errors on the Web site of theAffiliate shall be charged to said Affiliate.§ 6 Advertising Cost Compensation(1) element 5 will pay Affiliate its advertising costs (including Vat, ifany, on presentation of a valid VAT invoice) if an end user arrives via thelink integrated in Affiliates Web site at the order page hosted by element5 for the respective SoftwareSource: SOUTHERN STAR ENERGY INC., SB-2/A, 12/2/2005Publishers Product under this Agreement and end user uses the automaticordering system that carries out the registration and payment processing,so that the Affiliates link is deemed to be directly causative for theentry of the End User into the agreement with the Software Publisher andEnd Users payment, proving that all requirements are irrevocably met("agreements arising in a qualified manner"). Affiliate is only eligible toearn the Advertising Cost Compensation on sales occurring during the termof this Agreement and fees earned up to the date termination will remainpayable only if the related orders are not cancelled or returned.(2) Insofar as the referred end user accepts cookies when clicking onAffiliates link, proceeds from orders will be taken into account which doarise within the lifespan (of max. 180 days) of the cookie(s) used and/ orpossibly within the lifespan of a special action of the Software Publishervia integrated link.(3) element 5 shall record and compute on a monthly basis the amount ofsaid Advertising Cost Compensation for the Affiliate.(4) The computation basis for determining the value of the Advertising CostCompensation is calculated by the gross sales price (including taxes,shipping and handling, etc.) actually invoiced to the referred end user.The percentage of the respective Advertising Cost Compensation shall bestipulated by the Software Publisher, but shall not exceed 50% of theeffective gross sales price of the software.(5) The Advertising Cost Compensation shall not be paid if and insofar asit is determined that the end user will not meet its payment obligations orwill meet them only partially, or if for any other reason the invoice tothe end user was cancelled (e.g. in cases where a charge back of a creditcard charge, a debit advice or other return or refund of the softwareproduct occurs). If the Advertising Cost Compensation was previously paidby element 5, it can be offset or invoiced to Affiliate at element 5s owndiscretion.(6) The payment of the Advertising Cost Compensation shall occur monthlyinsofar as the sum due exceeds a value of 100 EUR / 100 USD. If this is notthe case, the sum due can be retained until a total value of at least 100EUR / 100 USD is reached, at the latest, upon termination of theAffiliates participation in the Program.(7) The payment can be made by wire transfer, Direct Deposit (US only) orcheck, as chosen by the Affiliate.(8) The invoicing is deemed to be approved if the Affiliate does not objectin writing, including a statement of reasons, within four weeks.III. Affiliate Management for Software Publishers§ 1 Participation by the Software Publisher(1) Software Publishers participation in Affiliate Management indicatesthat the Software Publisher agrees to these General Terms and Conditions,and that the Software Publisher shall integrate the Affiliate Program intothe Web site using a corresponding link.(2) To generate revenue through this Program by means of sales referred bythe Affiliate, the Affiliate, after completion of registration, must beactivated by the Software Publisher in the Control Panel. The SoftwarePublisher will be informed of the AffiliatesSource: SOUTHERN STAR ENERGY INC., SB-2/A, 12/2/2005registration per e-mail with a request for the Affiliates activation fromelement 5.(3) By configuring the settings in the Control Panel, the SoftwarePublisher determines the amount of the success-based Advertising CostCompensation. If the Publisher does not configure any settings, then itwill accept the default settings proposed by element 5 when activating theAffiliate. Prior to making changes in the Control Panel regarding theamount of the Advertising Cost Compensation, written notification must begiven to element 5 and the Affiliate.§ 2 Integration of the link(1) element 5 shall make a hyperlink available to the Software Publisherthat links to the appropriate registration form for the Affiliate Program.The link can be accessed in the secure "Software Publisher Control Panel"on element 5s Web site under "Affiliate Management".(2) Every Affiliate must complete the registration form once prior toparticipating in the Program and agree to these General Terms andConditions by checking the Online checkbox. Afterwards, the Affiliate canalso advertise other Products under this Agreement (see above § 3) afteractivation by the respective Software Publisher.§ 3 element 5s Service FeeFor each sale administered by element 5 of the Software under thisAgreement, element 5 shall receive an additional service fee of 2% of thegross sales price (including taxes, shipping and handling, etc.) as well asthe Advertising Cost Compensation defined in II. § 6 (4) and in addition toVAT or sales tax (where applicable). element 5 will pay the Affiliate theAdvertising Cost Compensation as defined in II. § 6 . Further invoicingterms are obtained from the existing business relationship, defined in therespective share-it! Developer Agreement between Software Publisher andelement 5.IV. General terms§ 1 LicenseUpon activation of the Affiliate, the Software Publisher grants theAffiliate a non-exclusive, revocable right to use provided advertisingmaterial, notices and all further presentations (insofar as available -also known hereafter as "Material") only for the purpose of designating itsWeb site as a "partner Web site" and presenting the designated advertisingMaterial. Under no circumstances may the transferred Material be edited ormodified without prior written permission of the Software Publisher.element 5 and the Software Publisher retain all rights with regard to theirlogos, their trade name or their trademarks and other commercial protectionrights. The Software Publisher and element 5 are authorized to revoke thelicense granted to the Affiliate at any time by written notice.Source: SOUTHERN STAR ENERGY INC., SB-2/A, 12/2/2005§ 2 Changes to these provisionselement 5 RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY AND TO SUPPLEMENT THESE GENERALTERMS AND CONDITIONS AT ANY TIME. THE CURRENT VERSION WILL BE MAINTAINEDFOR VIEWING AS A HYPERLINK ON element 5s WEB SITE IN THE CONTROL PANEL.MOREOVER, element 5 WILL ANNOUNNOUNCE ANY CHANGES TO THESE TERMS VIA E-MAIL. WHITHIN 14 DAYS OF THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF CHANGED PARTICIPATION TERMS,AFFILIATE AND SOFTWARE PUBLISHER MAY OBJECT TO SUCH CHANGES. IF NOOBJECTION IS RECEIVED DURING THIS TIME, THE PARTICIPANT IS DEEMED TO HAVEACCEPTED THE CHANGES AND THEY WILL BECOME PART OF THE EXISTING RELATIONSUNDER THE AGREEMENT.§ 3 CorrespondenceontCorrespondence shall take place preferably via e-mail, which is accordedthe same status as postal mail. Qualifying dates are always agreed as"Receipt by Recipient", unless otherwise noted. For e-mail, the receipt ofthe message on the destination mail server is deemed to be the time ofreception.§ 4 Independence of Relations under the AgreementThe parties to the contract shall operate their Web sites independently ofone another and are solely responsible for the content, technology used,and design. This agreement may not be construed as establishing between theparties a company or an association, nor does it establish an employmentrelationship or a commercial agent agreement. The parties to this agreementare not authorized to act in the name of the other party and / or to acceptoffers or make any statements on behalf of the other party. As an exceptionto the previous sentence, element 5 is authorized to make statements onbehalf of the Software Publisher pursuant to these TC and the element 5vendor agreement (formerly known as e-sales contract).§ 5 Guarantee by the Party to the Agreement for its Web site(1) The Affiliate shall be responsible for the entire content of its Website. The Affiliate guarantees in particular that (i) It will integrateadvertising Material according to the provisions and instructions of theSoftware Publisher into that Affiliates Web site insofar as said Materialwas transferred to the Affiliate; (ii) The material used the AffiliatesWeb site will not contain any representations of violence, sexually relatedcontents or discriminatory statements or representations with regard torace, sex, religion, nationality, handicap, sexual preference andorientation, or age, nor will said Material be unlawful in any way; (iii)The Material used on the Affiliates homepage will not infringe upon therights of third parties, particularly patents, copyrights, trademarks orother commercial protection rights as well as general personality rightsand cannot be mistaken for the products of the Software Publisher and/orelement 5 or a Web site operated by the Software Publisher and/or element5; (iv) It will not send any e-mail without the expressSource: SOUTHERN STAR ENERGY INC., SB-2/A, 12/2/2005consent of the receiver(s) (no spam e-mails).(2) The Affiliate shall guarantee the above named properties of its Websites and will pay defense costs and indemnify and keep fully indemnifiedthe Software Publisher and element 5, its subsidiaries and its and theirdirectors, officers, employees and agents upon demand from any and allclaims, demands, costs, liabilities, losses, expenses, and damages(including reasonable attorneys fees, costs, and expert witnesses fees)arising out of or in connection with any breach by Affiliate of itswarranty set out in this clause.§ 6 Limitation of liability(1) The parties exclude mutual liability for slightly negligent violationof obligations in connection with this agreement, with the exception of §16 and § 5 (3) of this agreement. This includes in particular the liabilityexclusion for lost profit, the loss of data or interruption to or errors inthe operation of the Web site of the Affiliate. The above liabilityexclusion also applies to the personal liability of employees,representatives and persons employed to perform the obligations of theparties to the agreement. The limitation of liability does not apply toclaims arising through initial incapacity or in case of justifiableimpossibility.(2) Any possible product liability claims are unaffected by the abovelimitations. Insofar as element 5 or the Software Publisher violates anessential obligation under the agreement, the obligation to pay restitutionis limited to the damages that typically arise.(3) element 5 makes no guarantees in regard to the Software Publisherssoftware products offered via its Web site. Moreover, element 5 does notguarantee the Affiliate that the operation of its Web sites will bemaintained without interruptions and without errors. Liability is expresslyexcluded for the consequences of such interruptions or errors.§ 7 Agreement period / CancellationThe term of this Agreement will begin upon acceptance of AffiliatesProgram application and will end when terminated by either party of thisAgreement. This Agreement is entered into for an unlimited period of time.Either party may cancel this Agreement at any time, with or withoutsupplying a reason, through written notification or by making suitablesettings in the respective Control Panel.§ 8 Termination of the agreement(1) When the agreement ends, all usage rights of the Affiliate and SoftwarePublisher accorded by this agreement with regard to the provided logos orWeb site contents expire.(2) Upon termination of the relationship under this agreement, theAffiliate is obligated to undertake all of the technical measures necessaryto delete from its Web site all links that refer to the Web sites ofelement 5 or to the Software Publisher. The same applies upon terminationof Affiliate Management for links of the Software Publisher that wereestablished in connection with the participation in Affiliate Management onits Web site.(3) element 5 is authorized to retain final payment for a reasonable time,minimum for 30 days after the end of the respective quarter, to ensure thatthe correct amount is paid.Source: SOUTHERN STAR ENERGY INC., SB-2/A, 12/2/2005Affiliate is only eligible to earn the Advertising Cost Compensation onsales of Software Publishers Products occurring during the term of thisAgreement and fees earned up to the date termination will remain payableonly if the related orders are not cancelled or returned. If theAdvertising Cost Compensation was previously paid by element 5, it can beoffset or invoiced to Affiliate at element 5s own discretion.§ 9 Final provisions(1) Force majeureIf a party is unable to fulfill its obligations under the agreement forreason of force majeure, it shall immediately inform the other partythereof and do everything in its power to resume normal operations asquickly as possible. In such case, the affected party shall not be deemedto be in breach of contract and cannot be held liable.(2) Provision for written formAdditional agreements, changes or additions are valid only if element 5 hasconfirmed them in writing. The same applies to the warranting ofproperties.(3) Severability clauseIf any provision of this agreement is or becomes invalid, the validity ofthe remaining provisions shall not be affected. Insofar as a provision isinvalid, the parties will agree on a new provision which comes as close aspossible to the intent of the invalid provision and which is legally valid.(4) Applicable law and jurisdiction Even in case of agreements with foreign(non-German) Software Publishers and Affiliates, the law of the FederalRepublic of Germany applies. The place of jurisdiction for all claimsarising in connection with this business relationship is Cologne, Germany.Source: SOUTHERN STAR ENERGY INC., SB-2/A, 12/2/2005