Exhibit 10.13 SOFTWARE LICENSE AND MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT BETWEEN GARMAN ROUTING SYSTEMS, INC. ("GARMAN") AND SPARKLING SPRING WATER GROUP LIMITED ("SPARKLING") WHEREAS Garman has developed and is entitled to license to others certainsoftware and supporting materials which Sparkling wishes to license, the partiesagree as follows:1. DEFINITIONS AND SCHEDULES In this Agreement the following definitions shall apply: (a) Authorized Locations means the locations listed in Schedule "C." (b) Confidential Information has the meaning specified in Section 14. (c) Documentation means the documentation related to use of the Softwaredescribed in Schedule "B." (d) Maintenance Commencement Date means the date that acceptance testingis successfully completed at all of the Authorized Locations. (e) Maintenance Services means the Software Update Service, TelephoneSupport Service and Software Repair Service described in Section 10. (f) Modifications means the modifications set out in Schedule "D." (g) Person includes an individual, corporation, partnership, jointventure, trust, unincorporated organization, the Crown or any agency orinstrumentality thereof or any other judicial entity recognized by law. (h) Software means the software described in Schedule "B." (i) Specifications means the specifications set out in Schedule "D." (j) Work means the Software and the Documentation collectively. The following is a summary of the Schedules, which shall form an integralpart of this Agreement: Schedule "A": Fee Schedule. Schedule "B": Software and Documentation. Schedule "C": Authorized Locations and Software copies for Authorized Locations. Schedule "D": Specifications, Modifications, Data Conversion. Schedule "E": Implementation and Training. Schedule "F": Telephone Support Schedule.2. GRANT OF LICENSE Garman hereby grants to Sparkling, for the use of Sparkling and affiliatedcompanies of Sparkling operating at Authorized Locations, a non-transferable andnon-exclusive licence to use: (i) the Software, safely in executable object codeformat, at each AS400 at each of the Authorized Locations; and (ii) theDocumentation. Sparklings right, if any, to use the Software and Documentationat locations other than the Authorized Locations is subject to the payment ofadditional fees in accordance with the Fee Schedule.3. RESTRICTIONS ON USE Sparkling shall: (a) not copy the Software except to copy it onto another AS400 at theAuthorized Locations and to make copies of the Software at each AuthorizedLocation solely for backup purposes; (b) not copy any of the Documentation except as required for Sparklingsinternal purposes related to Sparklings use of the Software; (c) not assign this Agreement or transfer, lease, export or grant asublicence of the Work to any Person, except as and when authorized to do so byGarman in writing; (d) not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the Software; (e) not use the Work except as authorized herein; (f) take all reasonable precautions to prevent third parties from usingthe Work in any way that would constitute a breach of this Agreement including,without limitation, such precautions as Sparkling would otherwise take toprotect its own proprietary software or hardware or information; and (g) not use the Work to act as a service bureau in whole or in part, forany other Person, except for any affiliate of Sparkling operating at theAuthorized Locations.4. DELIVERY, INSTALLATION AND DATA CONVERSION (a) In accordance with Schedule "C," Garman has delivered the requirednumber of copies of the executable object code of the Software to thoseAuthorized Locations (together with copies of the Documentation as is reasonablyrequired by Sparkling to operate the Software in the manner contemplatedhereunder) and installed the Software on the applicable AS400s at eachAuthorized Location. The installation of the Software at each existingAuthorized Location shall be deemed to be completed including contracted changesand has been properly installed, is in good working order. Modifications andchanges shall fall within the 60 day testing period at which time they aredeemed to be completed and has been properly installed, is in good workingorder. (b) For Future Installations and Conversions at an existing or newAuthorized Location, Garman shall be available for Contracting requiredinstallation and conversion tasks as reasonably required, in consultation withand with the reasonable assistance of Sparkling, including conversion ofSparklings data, as more particularly described in Schedule "D," from itscurrent electronic form into a form suitable for processing with the Softwareand as required for the testing of the Software and for use of the Software ascontemplated hereunder.5. TRAINING In conjunction with the installation of the Software at each existing ornew Authorized Location, and prior to the commencement of acceptance testing ateach Authorized Location, Garman shall provide as contracted a qualifiedpersonnel as specified in Schedule "E." Garman shall also provide copies ofreference documentation and manuals for training and reference by Sparklingspersonnel.6. ACCEPTANCE TESTING AT EACH AUTHORIZED LOCATION (a) For each new Authorized Location, upon written notice by Garman ofthe completion of the installation of the Software as contracted for in Section4 including training provided for in Section 5, Sparkling shall operate and testthe Software for an acceptance period of 30 business days in accordance withSparklings normal operating practices. At the end of each day during theacceptance period, Sparkling shall notify Garman of any instances in which theSoftware does not perform in accordance with the Specifications. (b) If Garman receives such notification, then it shall take the actionsthat are necessary to make the Software perform in accordance with theSpecifications. Once it has completed such action, the Software shall be retested by Sparklingfor a new 30 day period in accordance with Section 6(a). Such testing andnotification by Sparkling and remedial action by Garman shall be repeated untilthe Software has been accepted by Sparkling, acting reasonably, as meeting theSpecifications. (c) Notwithstanding (a) and (b) of this Section 6, Sparklingacknowledges and agrees that there may be minor deficiencies in the Software andprovided that on notification thereof Garman promptly rectifies suchdeficiencies, the acceptance of the Software will not be delayed thereby. (d) If Garman does not receive notice of any deficiencies within ten(10) business days after the completion of the acceptance period, then Sparklingshall be deemed to have accepted the Software at that Authorized Location.7. OPTION TO REJECT SOFTWARE If during the acceptance period described in Section 6, the Software hasfailed to perform in accordance with the Specifications and Garman has beenunable to correct the deficiency within 45 business days of written notice beingprovided to Garman of such failure then Sparkling shall have the option,exercisable on 15 business days written notice to Garman, in lieu of any otherremedy, to reject the Software. Such option shall terminate if in the interim,the Software successfully completes acceptance testing and meets theSpecifications.8. OPTION TO REJECT EXERCISED If Sparkling exercises its option to reject the Software in accordance withSection 7, then the parties shall forthwith carry out the following actions andthis Agreement will terminate upon their completion: (a) Sparkling shall return all copies of the Work and all of GarmansConfidential Information in its possession or control to Garman. (b) Garman shall return to Sparkling any and all amounts paid to Garmanhereunder, and all of Sparklings Confidential Information in its possession orcontrol.9. CO-OPERATION AND IMPLEMENTATION (a) Both Garman and Sparkling have designated in Schedule "E" aresponsible individual from their respective organizations with the authorityand competence to act, and responsibility to serve, as a project managerhereunder and deal with the other party with respect to the Software.Sparklings project manager shall also be responsible for providing orcoordinating the provision of such information about Sparkling and itsoperations, external and internal procedures and such other information asGarman may reasonably require in order to perform its obligations hereunder.Sparklings project manager shall have the authority on behalf of Sparkling to notify Garman that any acceptance tests provided for herein havebeen successfully passed or, where applicable, that Sparkling waives compliancewith any such acceptance tests. Garmans project manager shall be responsiblefor coordinating with Sparklings project manager the delivery and installationof the Software. The project managers shall meet for this purpose, as may bereasonably requested by either of them in writing. (b) Garman and Sparkling shall use their best efforts to carry out theirrespective obligations under this Agreement in accordance with theImplementation and Training Schedule.10. MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT For a renewable one-year term commencing upon the Maintenance CommencementDate, subject to payment of maintenance fees in accordance with the Fee Schedulebut without additional fees or charges, Garman shall provide the followingMaintenance Services: (a) SOFTWARE UPDATE SERVICE As part of the Software Update Service, Garman shall provide to Sparklingas soon as reasonably available: (1) corrections and bug fixes for the Software; (2) all modifications, refinements, and enhancements ("Improvements") of the Software; (3) new releases of the Software; and (4) updated user manuals to support all of the above in a reasonable time frame. (b) TELEPHONE SUPPORT SERVICE Telephone Support Service includes Sparkling having direct telephone accessto employees of Garman who have the necessary technical expertise and experienceto understand and consider Sparklings inquiries concerning the failure ofSoftware to operate according to Specifications and to clarify Documentationthat is either insufficient or unclear. Such direct telephone access shall beavailable in accordance with the Telephone Support Schedule. In the event thatthe Telephone Support Service does provide a resolution to Sparkling (actingreasonably) within 2 business days to permit the Software to meet theSpecifications, then Garman shall provide Software Repair Services to addressthe Software failure. The existing Telephone support numbers are for Garmanbusiness hours 1-800-667-6901 or 1-306-242-6322 and after hours 1-306-717-1999, which is a pager number being monitored directlyby qualified Garman staff. (c) SOFTWARE REPAIR SERVICE Should the Software not operate substantially in conformance with theSparklings Specifications in all material respects, Garman will use its bestefforts to repair the Software under the support agreement at no additionalcharge to Sparkling. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Garman may charge a fee atits rates set out in the Fee Schedule to provide Software Repair Services whichare required due to: (1) failure due to Sparkling operator errors; (2) failure to maintain Software at such updated version or release of the Software provided by Garman to Sparkling, from time to time, at no additional charge as part of the Maintenance Services or otherwise; (3) material modification of the Software by Sparkling; or (4) the Software being transferred to a different networking environment or hardware configuration without the prior written consent of Garman; or (5) any failure of the hardware or the operating system not caused by Garman or the Software.11. FEES Sparkling shall pay the fees as set out in the Fee Schedule in accordancewith the terms of this Agreement and the Fee Schedule.12. SPECIFICATIONS AND WARRANTY For the acceptance period and for a period of one year from theMaintenance Commencement Date, and thereafter for as long as the Software iscovered by Maintenance Services and is used by Sparkling in accordance with thisAgreement, Garman warrants that the Software shall perform in conformance withthe Specifications in all material respects.13. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INDEMNITY Garman is the owner of all intellectual property rights in the Work(including any Improvements or Modifications thereto), including all relatedmaterials, logos, and names provided pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Notitle to the intellectual property in the Work is transferred to Sparkling bythis Agreement. Garman represents and warrants that it owns or controls all rights necessary togrant the rights to Sparkling in accordance with this Agreement and that thereare not, nor will there be, any lien, encumbrance, security interest or otherrights against the Work which will interfere in any way with the rights grantedto Sparkling. Garman agrees to indemnify Sparkling and hold it harmless from anyand all losses, damages and expenses including without limitation, court costs,arbitration fees, penalties, fines, amounts paid in settlement of claims andreasonable legal fees and expenses of investigation (collectively the "Losses")which Sparkling or any of its respective officers or directors may incur due toa breach of this warranty. Sparkling shall notify Garman in writing of any suchclaim within ten calendar days of a responsible officer of Sparkling becomingaware of such claim. If the Work or any portion thereof is held to constitute aninfringement of another Persons rights, and use thereof is enjoined, Garmanshall, at its election and expense, make every reasonable effort to correct thesituation with minimal effect upon the operations of Sparkling and shall either: (a) procure the right to use the infringing element of the Work; (b) procure the right to an element which performs the same functionwithout any material loss of functionality; or (c) replace or modify the element of the Work so that the infringingportion is no longer infringing and still performs the same function without anymaterial loss of functionality.14. CONFIDENTIALITY By virtue of this Agreement, the parties may have access to informationthat is confidential to one another ("Confidential Information"). ConfidentialInformation means all data and information related to the business andmanagement of either party, including proprietary and trade secrets, technologyand accounting records for which access is obtained by the other party pursuantto this Agreement, provided that such Confidential Information shall not includedata or information which: (a) is or becomes publicly available through no fault of the otherparty; (b) is already in the rightful possession of the other party prior toits receipt from the other party; (c) is independently developed by the other party; (d) is lawfully obtained by the other party from a third party; (e) is disclosed as required by law; or (f) is disclosed to professional advisors in confidence. The parties agree to hold each others Confidential Information inconfidence. The parties agree not to make each others Confidential Informationavailable in any form to any third party or to use each others ConfidentialInformation for any purpose outside the scope of this Agreement. Each partyagrees to take all reasonable steps to ensure the Confidential Information isnot disclosed or distributed by its employees or agents in violation of thisSection.15. LIMITATION OF GARMANS LIABILITY The exclusive remedy of either party in a claim against the other underthis Agreement shall be the recovery of its direct damages. In no event shalleither party be liable to the other for the recovery of any special, indirect orconsequential damages even if the defendant party had been advised of thepossibility of such damages including but not limited to lost profits, lostrevenues, failure to realize expected savings, loss of data and loss of use. Theparties agree that the limitation of liability in this paragraph reflects theallocation of risk between the parties and the price of the licenced Software.The limitation of liability in this Section 15 shall not apply to breaches ofSections 13 and 14.16. SOURCE CODE ESCROW (a) Immediately upon execution of this Agreement, Garman shall maintainon each AS400 at an Authorized Location the most current version of: (1) all source code for the Software in machine readable form, with user option to print; (2) all program and user documentation in machine readable and printed form; (3) all tools such as compilers, assemblers, linkers and editors required to make the source code into the functional Software operating in accordance with the Specifications as amended from time to time; (4) a complete explanation of any procedures that are not standard practice, required to create from the source code the functional Software; (5) all documentation listing program and module inputs and their sources, outputs and their destinations, and any other relevant program and module documentation,(collectively, the "Codes"). This Source Code shall remain the property of Garman unless Sparklingexercises its option to purchase as specified in the Source Code Agreement. TheSource Code on each AS400 shall be the most current version of all Codes for allcorrections, bug fixes, Improvements and new releases of the Software which arelicensed by Sparkling hereunder. Sparkling shall not be entitled to make use ofthe Codes except as provided in Section (b), provided that Sparkling may itselfor by retaining independent experts, examine and test the materials forcompliance with the obligations of Garman hereunder. (b) Garman hereby grants to Sparkling, a perpetual, fully paid,non-exclusive license entitling Sparkling to use and reproduce the Codesdeposited with it pursuant to Section (a) to change, update, add to, orsubstitute the Codes, the Software or any part thereof, limited to Sparklingsneeds for the use and improvement of the Software or Sparklings operations,provided that Sparkling shall only be entitled to utilize such license ifSparkling terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 17(c) due to Garmansdefault, or if Garman ceases to support the Software as required pursuant tothis Agreement. The parties acknowledge that the bankruptcy of Garman shall notprevent Sparklings continued use of the Work or the Codes in accordance withUnited States Bankruptcy Code section 365(n) or any similar provisions in anyjurisdiction.17. TERM AND TERMINATION (a) This Agreement and the license granted under this Agreement shallremain in effect perpetually as long as fees are paid by Sparkling in accordancewith the Fee Schedule and the Agreement is not otherwise terminated inaccordance with this Section. (b) Sparkling may terminate this Agreement at any time upon ninety (90)calendar days written notice to Garman. If Sparkling terminates this Agreementpursuant to this Section 17(b), Sparkling shall cease using the Software at theend of the ninety (90) day notice period, and shall certify to Garman withinthirty (30) calendar days of termination that Sparkling has destroyed or hasreturned to Garman all Software, Documentation and Codes. (c) If either party: (1) makes an assignment in bankruptcy or is adjudicated a bankrupt; (2) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; (3) has a receiver, administrator or manager of its property, assets or undertaking appointed in such circumstances as would in the reasonable discretion of the other party, detrimentally affect such other partys rights under this Agreement; (4) is ordered by any court to be wound up; (5) becomes insolvent or makes a sale in bulk of its assets; (6) ceases doing business as a going concern; (7) defaults on any of its material obligations provided for hereunder and such default is not cured within thirty calendar days of written notice thereof by the other party, or the defaulting party fails to take sufficient actions to the reasonable satisfaction of the other party to cure the default within thirty calendar days of written notice;this Agreement may be terminated by the other party. If this Agreement isterminated by Sparkling, due to Garmans default, the license herein grantedshall continue, but shall be converted to a perpetual license pursuant to whichSparkling shall not be required to pay any further fees to Garman hereunder, andGarman shall immediately return all fees paid under this Agreement for servicesnot yet rendered.18. SURVIVAL OF CERTAIN SECTIONS Any provisions of this Agreement that require or contemplate performanceafter termination are enforceable against each party notwithstandingtermination. These provisions include but are not limited to Sections 13, 14,15, 16(b), 18, 19 and 20.19. NON-SOLICITATION OF EMPLOYEES During the term of this Agreement and for a period of one year thereafter,both parties agree not to hire or allow its respective affiliates to hire anyemployee of the other party, or any person who was an employee of the otherparty during the previous six months and who was directly involved in theprovision of services under this Agreement.20. GENERAL MATTERS (a) Time shall be of the essence with respect to all matters under thisAgreement. (b) All notices required or permitted to be given under this Agreementshall be given in writing and may be sent by personal delivery or facsimiletransmission addressed to the recipient at the addresses shown below (or suchother address as may be designated by notice in accordance with this Agreement): Garman: GARMAN ROUTING SYSTEMS, INC 1 - 502 45th Street West Saskatoon, SK S7L 6H2 Sparkling: SPARKLING SPRING WATER GROUP LIMITED 19 Fielding Avenue Dartmouth, NS B3B 1C9Any notice sent by personal delivery shall be deemed to be given on the day ofits delivery provided it is received during regular business hours on a businessday, and if it is not received as such then it shall be deemed to be given onthe next business day. Any notices sent by facsimile transmission shall bedeemed to be given on the day of transmission if received during regularbusiness hours on a business day, and if it is not received as such then itshall be deemed to be given on the next business day. (c) Unless otherwise permitted by this Agreement, no waiver of any partof this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both parties.No waiver of any part of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any otherpart or a continuing waiver unless otherwise agreed to in writing by bothparties. (d) Neither party may assign this Agreement or any rights andobligations under this Agreement to any third party without the written consentof the other party. (e) The parties are acting as independent contractors under thisAgreement and not as agents or representatives of the other and not as partnersor joint ventures. Neither party shall enter into any agreement or commitment onbehalf of the other without the written consent of the other. (f) If either party is delayed or prevented from exercising itsobligations or making deliveries in accordance with this Agreement due tocircumstances beyond the reasonable control of that party including withoutlimitation, strikes, lockouts, labor disputes, fire, explosion, act of god orother similar causes, then such failure to meet obligations or make deliveriesshall not be a breach of this Agreement. (g) Each of the provisions contained in this Agreement is distinct andseverable. If one or more of the provisions of this Agreement is found to beillegal or unenforceable, this Agreement shall not be rendered inoperative orinvalid but the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect. (h) This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Nova Scotia and thelaws of Canada applicable in Nova Scotia. All disputes under this Agreementshall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Nova Scotia. (i) All paragraph headings contained in this Agreement are forconvenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. (j) This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the partieswith respect to its subject matter, and this Agreement supersedes all priorunderstandings, representations, negotiations and communications between theparties, oral and written. Dated the ____ day of May, 2000. GARMAN ROUTING SYSTEMS, INC. Per: ___________________________________ SPARKLING SPRING WATER GROUP LIMITED Per: ___________________________________