1 EXHIBIT 10.3 SOFTWARE LICENSE AND MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT This Software license and maintenance agreement ("Agreement") isentered into effective as of August 4, 1997 (the "Effective Date") by andbetween D2 Technologies, Inc., a California corporation with offices at 104 WestAnapamu Street, Santa Barbara, CA 93101 ("D2"), and Summa Four Inc., a Delawarecorporation with offices at 25 Sundial Avenue, Manchester, New Hampshire03103-7251 ("LICENSEE"). WHEREAS, D2 has previously developed certain software and designscapable of performing certain voice processing functions; WHEREAS, LICENSEE is developing a product which requires certainsoftware functions and designs capable of performing certain voice processingfunctions; WHEREAS, D2 desires to license to LICENSEE certain of its softwaretechnology for use in connection with Licensees products: WHEREAS, D2 is further willing to provide certain maintenance andsupport services to LICENSEE in relation to such software technology; NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenantscontained herein, the parties agree as follows:1. DEFINITIONS 1.1 "Licensed Technology" shall mean software licensed to LICENSEEby D2 as listed in Exhibit A. 1.2 "DSP" shall mean digital signal processing. 1.3 "Runtime License Fee" shall have the meaning set forth inArticle 2.2(iii). 1.4 "Specifications" shall mean D2s specifications of theLicensed Technology which are attached hereto as Exhibit A. 1.5 "Update" shall mean a new release of a software product whichtypically includes bug fixes and/or minor feature changes, but does not includesubstantial new functionality.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 2 1.6 "New Version" in this Agreement shall mean a new release ofLicensed Technology that provides significant performance enhancements,including new releases of software product optimized for different members ofthe same DSP processor family which is based on the same core architecture andinstruction set. 1.7 "Defect" shall mean any failure of Licensed Technology to meetthe Specification as a result of a material failure (including an error or "bug"that is material) of the Licensed Technology. "Material" is defined as priorityA, B, and C in Article 6.3. 1.8 "Source Code" shall mean all computer programming instructionsrelating to a software product in a form readable by humans and typicallyprepared by a programmer. Source Code includes associated procedural code,comments, utilities, tools, notes, data diagrams and related and supportingtechnical documentation. 1.9 "Object Code" shall mean software code resulting from thetranslation or processing of Source Code by a computer into machine language orintermediate code, which thus is in a form that would not be convenient to humanunderstanding of the program logic, but which is appropriate for execution orinterpretation by a computer. 1.10 "Licensed Source Code" shall mean Source Code for LicensedTechnology. 1.11 "Licensee Product" shall mean the product being developed byLICENSEE as described in Exhibit B, which utilizes Licensed Technology. LICENSEEshall own all rights, title and interest in Licensee Product. D2 shall have norights to Licensee Product. 1.12 "End User" shall mean a person or business entity thatpurchases, leases or otherwise properly obtains the right to use or distribute aLicensee Product directly from LICENSEE or through one or more intermediaries.2. LICENSED TECHNOLOGY 2.1 Ownership. Subject to the rights granted to LICENSEE in thisAgreement, D2 owns all right, title and interest in and to the LicensedTechnology. Notwithstanding the foregoing, LICENSEE shall retain all right,title and interest in and to modifications to the Licensed Source Code made byLICENSEE pursuant to the license in Article 2.2 below, subject always to D2sownership rights in the underlying Licensed Technology.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 3 2.2 License to LICENSEE. (i) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, D2 hereby grants LICENSEE a perpetual non-exclusive, worldwidelicense, to use Licensed Technology in Object Code format only as anincorporated part of the Licensee Product. For this purpose, LICENSEE may alsomodify, create derivative works, of and reproduce and have reproduced theLicensed Technology, and to develop, use, market and distribute (directly orthrough third parties) Licensed Technology, or modifications or derivative worksof the Licensed Technology created by or for LICENSEE. (ii) In consideration for the right to modify,develop and completely own derivative works of the Licensed Technology set forthin Article 2.2 (i) above, LICENSEE shall pay D2 a license fee (the "DevelopmentLicense Fee") as set forth in Exhibit C. Final acceptance testing shall becompleted by the parties according to Article 4 of this Agreement. (iii) LICENSEE shall pay D2 a license fee ("Runtime License Fee") as set forth in Exhibit C for each copy of the LicensedTechnology that LICENSEE distributes to end users directly or through thirdparties for such end-users use in connection with Licensees Product. TheRuntime License Fee shall be paid by LICENSEE quarterly for Licensee Productswhich have been paid for by Licensees end-user customer in the prior quarter.To the extent Licensee accepts returns or is required to provide refunds to itscustomers (and to the extent additional Licensee Products are delivered tocustomers for warranty or maintenance/support purposes), such circumstances willeither entitle Licensee to obtain a credit against future Runtime License Feesowed or, in the case of warranty/maintenance or support deliveries, no RuntimeLicense Fees shall be due at all. (iv) LICENSEE is also granted a limited non-transferable non-exclusive license to Licensed Source Code to performsoftware maintenance functions according the terms set forth in Article 7 ofthis Agreement. (v) D2 shall provide LICENSEE with master copiesof the Licensed Technology, in Source Code and Object Code format, promptlyafter such software has been completed, tested and approved for release by D2and Licensee. In any event, D2 shall deliver all Licensed Technology completelytested and approved for performance in accordance with the specifications. 2.3 End User License. LICENSEE shall ensure that all LicensedTechnology distributed by LICENSEE shall be subject to a shrink-wrap agreementor other end user agreement which contains a provision substantially similar tothe provision set forth in Exhibit D.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 43. ADDITIONAL TECHNOLOGY LICENSE 3.1 New Functions. In the event that LICENSEE requires anyadditional functionality or technology substantially different from those setforth in Exhibit A or otherwise made available by D2 to other Licensees, D2shall license such additional functionality or technology to LICENSEE at D2sthen best price to its other Licensees. Such additional technology licensesshall be subject to the same terms of this agreement except for an amendment tothe product specification and price schedule of Exhibits A and C. Any other newlicensing terms shall be negotiated in advance and included in said amendment. 3.2 Different Processors. (A) "Supported Processors": If D2 offers or plans tooffer all or part of Licensed Technology on a processor ("Supported Processor")different from the Texas Instruments (TI) TMS320C54x family of processors, D2shall make available to LICENSEE such new versions of Licensed Technology underthe same terms of this Agreement subject to the license fees as follows: (i) The development license fees for any part orall of Licensed Technology for each "Supported Processor" shall be 50% of thatfor the TMS320C54x processor family as listed in Exhibit C. (ii) The per-processor runtime license fees forany "Supported Processor" shall be the same as that specified in Exhibit C forthe TI TMS320C54x. (iii) The runtime license fee CAP in exhibit Cshall be cumulative across the TI TMS320C54x, TMS32OC55x, TMS330C6x, and otherTI processors based on the same core processor architecture. For processorsother than the TI processors listed in this Article 3.2A(iii) ("additionalsupported processors"), the runtime license fee CAP and buy-out license fee inExhibit C shall be increased by 25% for each "additional supported processor."The CAP for Licensed Technology shall be cumulative across all "SupportedProcessors" (including "additional supported processors") utilized by LICENSEE.If the cumulative inflation index (according to government published ConsumerPrice Index) exceeds 25% from the effective date of this Agreement to the timewhen D2 makes available Licensed Technology for an "additional supportedprocessor", D2 and LICENSEE agree to negotiate in good faith reasonableincremental runtime license fees for Licensed Technology used in such"additional supported processor.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 5 (B) "Unsupported Processors". If LICENSEE requires versions ofLicensed Technology on a processor other than the "Supported Processors", D2agrees to negotiate in good faith with LICENSEE an agreement to develop such aversion of Licensed Technology. Such an agreement shall include appropriatedevelopment license fees and runtime license fees as well as special engineeringservice fees.4. ACCEPTANCE Upon delivery of the Licensed Technology to Licensee, D2 will havetested and verified that such Licensed Technology shall perform in accordancewith an acceptance specification agreed to by D2 and LICENSEE. The acceptancespecification shall be completed no later than 90 days after the effective dateof this Agreement and shall be attached to this agreement as Exhibit F. Uponsuccessful completion of the acceptance testing, LICENSEE shall make the final"Development License Fee" payment described in Exhibit C LICENSEE shall, withinthirty (30) days after delivery of any Licensed Technology, either accept suchLicensed Technology or reject such Licensed Technology because of nonconformancewith the Specifications. LICENSEE shall provide D2 with written notification ofany rejection of Licensed Technology which explains the basis for suchrejection. If completion of testing is precluded or delayed due to performancedeficiencies, incompatibilities or other Defects in the Licensed Technology, D2shall immediately and without any additional payment, correct such Defects.. Allcorrected versions of the Licensed Technology shall be subject to the acceptanceprocedures set forth above in this Article 4.5. REPORTS, AUDITS 5.1 Reports. Within thirty days after the end of each calendarquarter during the term of this Agreement, LICENSEE shall provide D2 withwritten reports setting forth the number of LICENSEE Products containing theLicensed Technology that were licensed to end users by LICENSEE in such calendarquarter as more particularly described in Article 2.2 (iii) above. 5.2 Audits. LICENSEE shall maintain records of its distribution ofLicensee Products containing the Licensed Technology, for a period of one yearafter the date on which LICENSEE distributes the Products to which such recordspertain. D2 may audit such records by engaging an independent public audit firm,approved in advance by Licensee, upon thirty days written notice, provided that(i) no more than one such audit may be made in any twelve month period, (ii) D2may only audit LICENSEEs records for a particular time period once, and (iii)D2 shall be responsible for ensuring that the auditor executes and abides byLICENSEEs confidentiality agreement.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 66. MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT 6.1 Maintenance and Support Obligation, Fees. On the date ofexpiry of the Warranty period defined in Article 8.3, and on any anniversary ofthe expiry date, LICENSEE may in its sole discretion pay D2 a "Maintenance andSupport Fee" according to Exhibit C. In return for payment of such fee, D2 shallprovide LICENSEE with the maintenance and support set forth in this Article 6for a period of twelve months (the "Contract Year"). In any event, D2 shallprovide support and maintenance services to Licensee during the Warranty periodin breadth and scope which is no less than the support and maintenance servicesdescribed in this Article. D2 shall make available to LICENSEE the maintenanceand support services according to the terms of this Article 6 for a minimum offive years after Acceptance of Licensed Technology. 6.2 Maintenance. Maintenance to be provided by D2 to LICENSEEshall include without limitation the following services; (i) D2 shall update and maintain the LicensedTechnology throughout the term of this Agreement. It is intended that D2 shallrelease at least 1 Update or New Version release during each 12 month calendaryear. Upon the releases of any Update or New Version of the Licensed Technology(including manuals), D2 shall promptly notify and deliver to LICENSEE suchUpdate or New Version. (ii) D2 will initially deliver to LICENSEE one (1) copy of any Updates or New Versions to the Licensed Technology and one (1)set of corresponding manuals for each copy of the Licensed Technology for whichLICENSEE has paid the appropriate development license fees and maintenance feespursuant to Exhibit C as soon as such Updates or New Versions and correspondingmanuals become available and shall maintain such Updates or New Versionsthroughout this agreement. 6.3 Error Correction. If D2 becomes aware of any Defect in theLicensed Technology, D2 shall promptly provide LICENSEE with written notice ofsuch Defect. D2 shall have no obligation to actively monitor the LicensedTechnology for Defects after such software has been accepted by LICENSEE. D2shall work diligently to promptly correct Defects in accordance with thefollowing schedule; "days" shall mean calendar days. ERROR PRIORITY (1) RESPONSE (2) CLOSURE (3) Emergency (A) 24 hours 7 days Critical (B) 2 days 14 daysSoftware License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 7 Non-Critical (C) 30 days Next Update or New Version (1) Priority: -A- Catastrophic product or module Defects thatdo not have a viable detour or work around available. -B- Defects that have been substantiated asa serious inconvenience to LICENSEE or an End User. This includes any priority ADefect for which a viable detour or work around is available. -C- All other problems that LICENSEE and an EndUser can easily avoid for which there is no urgency for a resolution. (2) Response: Response consists of providing, asappropriate, one of the following to the LICENSEE: an existing correction; A newcorrection; a viable detour or work around; a request for more information tocomplete analysis of the problem, or a plan on how the problem will becorrected. (3) Closure: Closure consists of providing a final correction or work around of the problem including an Update and revised or newDocumentation as necessary. If D2 fails to correct Defects according to the schedule specified inthis Article 6, LICENSEE shall deduct from future runtime license fees, asspecified in Exhibit C, a "late fee" for each day past the deadline in theschedule of this section. The "late fee" shall equal to 50% (fifty percent) ofthe runtime license fees paid to D2 for the previous two calendar quartersequally divided over 180 (one hundred eighty) days. In the event LICENSEE hasselected the Buy-out option in the runtime license fee schedule of Exhibit C,then the "late fee" for each day past the deadline shall be 50% (fifty percent)of the Buy-out fee equally divided over 1095 (one thousand and ninety five)days; and this "late fee" shall be paid to LICENSEE each calendar month untilthe error is corrected either by D2 or LICENSEE. 6.4 Support. D2 will provide the following support to LICENSEEthroughout the Warranty period and for those subsequent years for which supporthas been purchased by Licensee: (i) D2 will assist LICENSEE in determining ifproblems encountered by LICENSEE are caused by programming errors in theLicensed Technology.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 8 (ii) D2 will answer questions concerning theinstallation of Licensed Technology. (iii) D2 will assist LICENSEE in resolvingLICENSEEs problems, if any, arising from the normal usage of the LicensedTechnology. (iv) D2 shall appoint a qualified technical staffas the "Technical Contact" to co-ordinate all support and maintenance services.The "Technical Contact" shall be available to LICENSEE during D2s normalbusiness hours; in the event that appointed "Technical Contact" is notavailable, a back-up "Technical Contact" shall be temporarily assigned andLICENSEE shall be notified. 6.5 Notification and Cooperation by LICENSEE. To obtain supportfrom D2 under this Article 6, LICENSEE shall provide D2 with written noticewhich will contain a description of the problem for which LICENSEE is seekingsupport. D2 shall have no obligation to correct problems which are due tomodifications to Licensed Technology performed by LICENSEE; provided, that if D2agrees to correct such problems it shall charge its then current time andmaterials rates, which shall be payable by LICENSEE within thirty days afterinvoicing by D2. LICENSEE agrees to provide D2 with access to LICENSEEsequipment and computer systems on a temporary basis and as needed to allow D2 toreproduce, correct and verify the correction of the problem reported by LICENSEEor otherwise identified by D2.7. LIMITED SOURCE CODE LICENSE AND PROTECTION 7.1 Source Code delivery. D2 shall, after acceptance of LicensedTechnology by LICENSEE and within fifteen days after receiving such a requestfrom LICENSEE deliver a copy of the fully commented Source Code for the thencurrent version of the Licensed Technology and information needed for compilingand building the Licensed Technology Object Code to LICENSEE. Thereafter, D2shall automatically deliver a copy of the fully commented Licensed Source Codefor the then current version of the Licensed Technology within fifteen daysafter the release of any Updates or New Versions of the Licensed Technology. 7.2 Source Code Access Conditions. The following events shallconstitute "Source Code Access Conditions": (i) D2s insolvency, generalassignment for the benefit of creditors, or ceasing to do business, or (ii) D2sfailure or inability to meet its warranty, maintenance and support obligationsunder Article 6, or its warranty obligations under Article 8.3, within fifteendays after written notice by LICENSEE to D2 of D2s failure to meet suchobligations, or (iii) termination of this Agreement by LICENSEE pursuant toArticles 9.3 and 9.4, or (iv) as needed by LICENSEE for fault isolation.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 9 7.3 Use of Licensed Source Code. After "Source Code AccessConditions" is met, LICENSEE shall have the right to use, modify, reproduce andhave reproduced Object Code from Licensed Source Code to develop, use, market,distribute, and to maintain and support the Licensed Technology in the LicenseeProduct. LICENSEE shall not have any right to develop new DSP technology orderivative DSP technology with the Licensed Source Code. 7.4 Confidentiality and security. (A) General. LICENSEE acknowledges and agrees that theLicensed Source Code constitutes the confidential and proprietary trade secretsof D2, and that LICENSEEs protection thereof is essential to this Agreement anda condition of LICENSEEs use and possession of the Licensed Source Code.LICENSEE shall retain in strict confidence any and all elements of the LicensedSource Code and use the Licensed Source Code only as expressly licensed herein.LICENSEE agrees that it will under no circumstances distribute or in any waydisseminate or disclose the Licensed Source Code to third parties, except asexpressly provided in this Article 7. LICENSEE shall be relieved of thisobligation of confidentiality to the extent that such information was in thepublic domain at the time it was disclosed or has become in the public domainthrough no fault of LICENSEE. (B) Security. LICENSEE agrees to use the Licensed SourceCode under carefully controlled conditions for the purposes set forth in thisAgreement, and to inform all employees who are given access to the LicensedSource Code by LICENSEE that such materials are confidential trade secrets of D2and are licensed to LICENSEE as such. LICENSEE shall restrict access to theLicensed Source Code to those employees and Contractors of LICENSEE who haveagreed to be bound by a confidentiality obligation which incorporates theprotections and restrictions substantially as set forth herein, and who have aneed to know in order to carry out the purposes of this Agreement. D2 shall bemade a third party beneficiary of any such agreements, and shall have the rightto directly enforce the terms of those agreements, and of this Agreement,insofar as such enforcement relates to the Licensed Source Code. (C) LICENSEE agrees to notify D2 promptly in the event ofany breach of its security under conditions in which it would appear that theLicensed Source Code were prejudiced or exposed to loss. LICENSEE shall, uponrequest of D2, take all other reasonable steps necessary to recover anycompromised trade secrets disclosed to or placed in the possession of LICENSEEby virtue of this Agreement. The cost of taking such steps shall be borne solelyby LICENSEE.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 10 (D) Remedies. LICENSEE acknowledges that any breach ofany of its obligations under this Article 7 is likely to cause or threatenirreparable harm to D2, and accordingly, LICENSEE agrees that in such event, D2shall be entitled to equitable relief to protect its interest therein, includingbut not limited to preliminary and permanent injunctive relief, as well as moneydamages. (E) Hardware. (i) Two (2) computers, as identified in ExhibitE, may be used as the Development Computer and Back-up Computer. The Back-upComputer may be used as the Development Computer during any time when theDevelopment Computer is inoperative because it is malfunctioning or undergoingrepair, maintenance or other modification. (ii) LICENSEE may at any time notify D2 inwriting of any changes, such as replacements or additions, that LICENSEE wishesto make to Development and Back-up Computers for specific Licensed Source Code.D2 will prepare an amended Exhibit E as required to cover such changes, and suchchanges shall become effective after execution of the amended Exhibit E byLICENSEE. (iii) Upon request, LICENSEE shall furnish to D2 astatement, certified by an authorized representative of LICENSEE, listing thelocation, type and serial number of all Development and Back-up Computershereunder and stating that the use by LICENSEE of the Licensed Source Codesubject to this Agreement has been reviewed and that the Licensed Source Code isbeing used solely on the Development Computer (or temporarily on Back-upComputer) for such Licensed Source Code in full compliance with the provisionsof this Agreement. (F) Third Party Contractors. LICENSEE may appoint a thirdparty contractor ("Contractor") to assist the LICENSEE in LICENSEEsmodification of the Licensed Source Code as authorized hereunder; provided thatany such Contractors access to and use of the Licensed Source Code shall onlybe permitted pursuant to a signed written agreement between LICENSEE and suchContractor giving the Contractor rights no broader than those granted LICENSEEin this Agreement, but limited to the sole purpose of assisting the LICENSEE,and including provisions incorporating the additional requirements set forthbelow: (i) Any claim, demand or right of action arisingon behalf of a Contractor from furnishing to it or use by it of Licensed SourceCode shall be solely against LICENSEE, and LICENSEE hereby indemnifies D2against any such claims. (ii) Contractor shall agree to the sameresponsibilities and obligations and other restrictions pertaining to the use ofLicensed Source Code as those undertaken by LICENSEE under this Agreement.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 11 (iii) Contractor may not retain any copy of theLicensed Source Code or any modification or derivative work thereof and, uponcompletion of the project for which Contractor was permitted access to theLicensed Source Code or termination of this Agreement, shall return or destroy(i) all copies of Licensed Source Code furnished to such Contractor or made bysuch Contractor and (ii) all copies of any modifications or derivative worksmade by such Contractor based on such Licensed Source Code copies stored in anycomputer memory or storage medium, and Contractors computer shall be removedfrom Exhibit E if such computer was listed as a Development Computer. A writingexecuted by an officer of Contractor shall be provided to D2 certifying that theContractor has returned or destroyed all copies of the Licensed Source Code inits possession or control. (iv) Unless Contractor obtains a license for theLicensed Source Code from D2, Contractor may not acquire any ownership interestin any modification or derivative work prepared by such Contractor based upon orusing Licensed Source Code licensed to LICENSEE under this Agreement. (v) Copies of such agreements shall be providedto D2 on request; provided however, that portions of such agreements notrequired by this Article 7 may be deleted from such copies.8. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 8.1 By Both Parties. D2 warrants that it owns all rights, title,and interests to Licensed Technology listed as Basic Services in Exhibit A.LICENSEE and D2 each individually warrants that it (i) has all right, power andauthority necessary to enter into this Agreement and to grant the rights grantedherein; (ii) has obtained all approvals and authorizations that it is requiredto obtain in connection with this Agreement; and (iii) has not entered, and willnot enter, into any arrangements or agreements inconsistent with this Agreement. 8.2 Additional D2 Warranties. D2 additionally warrants that it (i)is not aware of any pending or actual litigation which is likely to have amaterial adverse effect on the rights or obligations of LICENSEE under thisAgreement; and (ii) is not aware of any claim or any basis for any claim thatLicensed Technology, or LICENSEEs use of the Licensed Technology ascontemplated herein, will infringe any patents, trade secrets of otherintellectual property rights belonging to any third party. 8.3 Software Warranty. D2 warrants to LICENSEE that the media uponwhich the Licensed Technology is delivered to LICENSEE will be free from Defectsin materials and workmanship, and that Licensed Technology shall meet andperform in accordance with D2s specifications on Exhibit A. D2 shall promptlycorrect anySoftware License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 12errors in the Licensed Technology, or failures of the Licensed Technologyaccording to the terms of Article 6 of this Agreement. D2s warranty and errorcorrection obligations with respect to any portion of the Licensed Technologyshall extend for a period (the "Warranty period") of one year commencing onacceptance of such portion of the Licensed Technology by LICENSEE. 8.4 Disclaimer of Other Warranties. THE REPRESENTATIONS ANDWARRANTIES EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS ARTICLE 8 ARE IN LIEU OF ALL OTHERWARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, EITHER IN FACT OR BY OPERATION OF LAW, STATUTORYOR OTHERWISE. D2 SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY ANDFITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE IN CONNECTION WITH THE LICENSED TECHNOLOGY.9. TERM AND TERMINATION. 9.1 Term. This Agreement shall become effective on the EffectiveDate and shall continue in effect until terminated in accordance with theprovisions of this Article 9. 9.2 For Convenience. LICENSEE may terminate this Agreement uponninety (90) days written notice. 9.3 Default. If either party defaults in the performance of any ofits material obligations hereunder and if such default is not corrected withinthirty (30) days after written notice thereof by the other party, then thenondefaulting party, at its option, may, in addition to any other remedies itmay have, terminate this Agreement by giving written notice of termination tothe defaulting party. 9.4 Survival. Articles 7.2, 7.3,7.4, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.10. INDEMNIFICATION 10.1 By D2. D2 agrees to indemnify and hold LICENSEE harmlessagainst any cost, loss, liability, or expense (including attorneys fees)arising out of any breach of D2s warranties hereunder, or out of third partyclaims against LICENSEE alleging that the Licensed Technology, or LICENSEEs useor distribution of the Licensed Technology as set forth in this Agreement,infringes any third partys patent, trade secret, copyright of otherintellectual property right in any country, provided that LICENSEE shall (i)notify D2 promptly in writing of such claims, and (ii) give D2 sole control ofthe defense or settlement of such claims. D2 shall not be liable for any claimsto the extent that such claims arise out of the LICENSEEs unauthorizedmodifications of the Licensed Technology, and not out of the Licensed Technologyas delivered by D2 to LICENSEE. If the Licensed Technology, or any part thereof,isSoftware License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 13adjudicatively determined to be, or in either partys reasonable opinion willbe, the subject of any claim, suit or proceeding for infringement of any thirdpartys patent, copyright or trade secret in any country, or if the distributionof use of the Licensed Technology is enjoined, then D2 may, at D2s sole optionand expense, (i) obtain for LICENSEE and its distributors, resellers andcustomers the right to distribute or use the Licensed Technology under suchthird party patents, trade secrets, copyrights or other intellectual propertyrights, or (ii) replace the Licensed Technology with other software ofequivalent or superior functionality, or (iii) suitably modify the LicensedTechnology to avoid such infringement. In the event that D2 is unable to carryout the options set forth in (i), (ii) and (iii) of the proceeding sentence, atthe option of Licensee D2 may terminate this Agreement and refund all amountspaid by LICENSEE to D2 hereunder; provided, that such termination shall have noeffect on the rights of end users to use LICENSEE products, incorporating anyLicensed Technology, which were acquired by such end users prior to suchtermination.11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR LOSTPROFITS OR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES OR SUCHOTHER PARTY, HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF THISAGREEMENT. THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OFESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY. IN NO EVENT SHALL D2S LIABILITYHEREUNDER EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID OR OWED BY LICENSEE TO D2 UNDER THISAGREEMENT.12. CONFIDENTIALITY. 12.1 Confidential Information. As used in this Agreement, the term"Confidential Information" shall mean any information disclosed by one party toanother pursuant to this Agreement which is marked as confidential orproprietary, or, if disclosed orally, is designated as confidential at the timeof disclosure and is subsequently reduced to a writing which is marked asconfidential or proprietary and is provided to the receiving party within thirty(30) days after such oral disclosure. 12.2 Confidentiality. Each party shall treat as confidential allConfidential Information of the other party, shall not use such ConfidentialInformation except as set forth herein, and shall use reasonable efforts not todisclose such Confidential Information disclosed to it by the other party underthis Agreement. Each party shall promptly notify the other party of any actualor suspected misuse or unauthorized disclosure of such other partysConfidential Information.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 14 12.3 Exception. Not withstanding the above, neither party shallhave liability to the other party with regard to any Confidential Information ofsuch other party which the receiving party can demonstrate: (i) was in the public domain at the time it wasdisclosed or has entered the public domain through no fault of the receivingparty; (ii) was known to the receiving party, at thetime of disclosure, as demonstrated by files in existence at the time ofdisclosure; (iii) was disclosed with the prior writtenapproval of the disclosing party; (iv) was, is presently or may be in the future independently developed by the receiving party without any use of theConfidential Information of any other party, as demonstrated by files created atthe time of such independent development; (v) became known to the receiving party, withoutrestriction, from a source other than the disclosing party without breach ofthis Agreement by the receiving party and otherwise not in violation of thedisclosing partys rights; (vi) has been disclosed to third parties by thedisclosing party without restrictions similar to those contained in thisAgreement; or (vii) is disclosed pursuant to the order orrequirement of a court, administrative agency, or other governmental body;provided, however, that the receiving party shall provide prompt written noticethereof to the disclosing party to enable the disclosing party to seek aprotective order or otherwise prevent or restrict such disclosure. 12.4 Return of Confidential Information. Upon expiration ortermination of this Agreement each party shall upon request promptly return alltangible Confidential Information received from the other party. 12.5 Survival of Confidentiality Obligations. This Article 12 willsurvive the termination of this Agreement, for any item of ConfidentialInformation, for five (5) years after the disclosure of such ConfidentialInformation to the receiving party under this Agreement.13. CONFIDENTIALITY OF AGREEMENT. D2 and LICENSEE agree that the terms and conditions of this Agreementshall be treated as confidential and shall not be disclosed to any third partywithout theSoftware License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 15prior written consent of the other party. Notwithstanding the statements abovein this Article 13, any party may disclose any of the terms and conditions ofthis Agreement; (i) as required by any court of other governmental body; (ii) as otherwise required by law (including without limitation with regard to any registration statement filed by a partywith the Securities and Exchange Commission); (iii) to legal counsel of the parties; (iv) in confidence, to accountants, banks, andfinancing sources, and other advisors or consultants of the parties; (v) in connection with the enforcement of thisAgreement or rights under this Agreement; (vi) in confidence, in connection with an actualor proposed license, merger, acquisition, or similar transaction; (vii) which have been previously disclosed in ajoint press release by the parties hereto, or (viii) in confidence, to a third party to theextent reasonable necessary to permit the consideration of a bona fidecollaboration which would involve rights, obligations or limitations arisingunder this Agreement, provided that such collaboration is not prohibited underthis Agreement. In the event of any disclosure pursuant to (i) or (ii) above, thedisclosing party shall use all reasonable efforts to obtain confidentialtreatment of materials so disclosed. The parties shall in good faith consultregarding the text of any proposed public announcement regarding this Agreementor the terms and conditions hereof before such announcement is actually made.Any press release to be issued in connection with the terms and conditions ofthis Agreement must be approved in advance by both parties.14. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS LICENSEEs distribution of products incorporating Licensed Technologyshall be subject to all United States laws and regulations governing the licenseand delivery of technology and products abroad by persons subject to thejurisdiction of the United States. LICENSEE shall not export any such productswithout firstSoftware License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 16obtaining all required licenses and approvals from the appropriate governmentagencies.15. GENERAL 15.1 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by andinterpreted in accordance within the laws of the State of New York withoutreference to conflicts of laws provisions. 15.2 Venue. The parties agree that any litigation arising out ofthis Agreement shall be brought in the state courts in Delaware. 15.3 Partial Invalidity. If any provision in this Agreement shallbe found or be held to be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction in whichthis Agreement is being performed, then the meaning of said provision shall beconstrued, to the extent feasible, so as to render the provision enforceable,and if no feasible interpretation would save such provision, it shall besevered, solely in such jurisdiction, from the remainder of this Agreement,which shall remain in full force and effect. In such event, the parties shallnegotiate, in good faith, a substitute, valid and enforceable provision,effective solely in such jurisdiction, which most nearly effects the partiesintent in entering into this Agreement. 15.4 Relationship of the Parties. D2 and LICENSEE are independentcontractors under this Agreement. Nothing contained in this Agreement isintended to, nor is it to be construed so as to, constitute D2 and LICENSEE aspartners or joint ventures with respect to this Agreement. Employees of anyparty remain employees of said party and shall at not time be considered agentsof or to be obligated to render a fiduciary duty to the other party. 15.5 Modification. No alteration, amendment, waiver, cancellationor any other change in any term or condition of this Agreement shall be valid orbinding on any party unless the same shall have been mutually assented to inwriting by both parties. 15.6 Waiver. The failure of any party of enforce at any time any ofthe provisions of this Agreement, or the failure to require at any timeperformance by the other parties of any of the provisions of this Agreement,shall in no way be construed to be a present or future waiver of such provision,nor in any way affect the right of any party to enforce each and every suchprovision thereafter. The express waiver by any party of any provision,condition or requirement of this agreement shall not constitute a waiver of anyfuture obligation to comply with such provision, condition or requirement.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 17 15.7 Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shallinure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors andassigns. No party may assign any of its rights, obligations or privileges(except by operation of law or other corporate reorganization) hereunder withoutthe prior written consent of the other party, which shall not be unreasonablewithheld, provided, that any party shall have the right to assign its rights,obligations and privileges hereunder to a successor in business or an acquirerof all or substantially all of its business or assets to which this Agreementpertains without obtaining the consent of the other party. 15.8 Notices. Any notice required or permitted to be given by anyparty under this Agreement shall be in writing, shall be addressed to thePresident of D2, or to the President of LICENSEE, and shall be personallydelivered or set by certified or registered letter, or by telecopy confirmed byregistered or certified letter, to the receiving party at its address first setforth above, or such new address as may from time to time be supplied hereunderby the receiving party. Notices will be deemed effective upon receipt. 15.9 Force Majeure. Notwithstanding anything else in thisAgreement, no default, delay or failure to perform on the part of any partyshall be considered a breach of this Agreement if such default, delay or failureto perform is shown to be due to causes beyond the reasonable control of theparty charged with a default, including, but not limited, causes such asstrikes, lockouts or other labor disputes, riots, civil disturbances, actions orinactions of governmental authorities or suppliers, epidemics, war, embargoes,were weather, fire, earthquakes, acts god, acts of the public enemy or nucleardisasters; provided, that for the duration of such force majeure the partycharged with such default must continue to use all reasonable efforts toovercome such force majeure. 15.10 Entire Agreement. The terms and conditions contained in thisAgreement constitute the entire agreement between the parties and supersede allprevious agreements and understandings, whether oral or written, between theparties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this agreement to besigned by duly authorized officers or representatives as of the date first abovewritten."LICENSEE" D2 TECHNOLOGIES, INC.- --------------------------------- -----------------------------------BY: /s/ Dick Swee BY: /s/ David Y. Wong ----------------------------- -------------------------------Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 18PRINT NAME: Dick Swee PRINT NAME: David Y. Wong --------------------- -----------------------TITLE: VP Engineering TITLE: President -------------------------- ------------------------------Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 19 EXHIBIT A LICENSED TECHNOLOGY SPECIFICATIONBasic Services:The Basics Services algorithm group shall include the following list of standardD2 products with LICENSEE required modifications as specified in the attachedSpecification and the Contract for Products and Services, dated August 6, 1997: DTMF Detection and Removal Algorithm 5007-54A Universal Tone Detection Algorithm 50030-54A Multifrequency Tone Detection Algorithm 50028-54A Tone Generation Algorithm 50015-54A Voice Activity Detection and AGC 50013-54ASoftware License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 20 Exhibit A continued.Detailed Signal Processing Algorithm SpecificationA.1 HDLC CommunicationsNot included as Licensed Technology.A.2 Voice Activity DetectionVoice Activity Detection (VAD) detects voice activity, adapts to backgroundambient or line noise as well as the presence of echo, classifies voice activityas "early" versus "sustained", and assigns an "effort level" to the speaker thatis independent of network loss.This module is used to detect voice activity in the CP Detect state.A.2.1 Functional requirements:The Voice Activity Detector discriminates voice activity generated by a callerfrom background noise (acoustic and line noise) as well as echo and sidetonesreflected back to the receive voice path. It also provides an "effort level"quantity that indicates the level of effort of the caller. The functional andperformance requirements are specified to cover a wide range of applications,such as voice activated recordings (as in voice messaging), outbound callclassification, digital speech interpolation (DSI), and voice conferencing.1. The Voice Activity Detector classifies every block of voice data (8 ms long) as "port active" (early detect), "speaker active" (port sustained), and "not active".2. It provides a measurement that approximates the level of effort exerted by the caller. Such an approximation is made by normalizing the short term RMS of the voice signal by a longer term RMS value. The "effort level" varies between -32 dB and 31 dB, and is at 0 dB when the speaker is speaking at his/her "normal" level.3. The Voice Activity Detector adapts to background noise up to -24 dBm. Adaptation is 200 ms when the noise level drops, and is approximately 1000 ms when noise rises.4. The Voice Activity Detector screens out sidetone or echo as speech up to an ERL of -26 dB.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 21A.2.2 Performance Requirements:The accuracy of the voice Activity detector is measured by the rate of "falsedetection" (i.e. classifying noise or echo as voice activity) and "clipping"(i.e. classifying voice activity as noise or echo) under different ambient noiseand echo conditions. "Port active" detection under different ambient noiseconditions:1. No perceptible clipping at quiet to modest noise levels of -50 dBm to -40 dBm with nominal levels of speech activity (-20 dBm average power over 2 seconds of speech). No more than 5% of voice onsets is clipped for noisy conditions (noise level from -40 dBm to -30 dBm).2. No more than 1% of "silence" periods is detected as speech for the modest noise condition. No more than 2% of "silence" is detected as port active for noisy conditions.3. The performance goals above is met when noise levels change during the test."Speaker active" detection under different ambient noise conditions:1. Speech activity that lasts more than tSUSTAIN is detected as "Sustained" or "Speaker Active".2. The clipping requirements is better than "Port Activity" detection. Fewer than 0.5% of onsets/hour (2.5 per hour) for modest noise condition (-45 dBm) and fewer than 2% (10 per hour) for high noise condition (-35 dBm) have perceptible clipping.3. False detection performance (i.e., detecting noise as "speaker active") exceeds those of "port activity" due to tSUSTAIN criteria. No more than 1% (36 seconds per hour) of noise segments is misclassified as "sustained" for modest noise conditions, and no more than 2% (72 seconds per hour) of "silence" is detected as port active for noisy conditions."Port active" and "Speaker active" detection in the presence of echo:1. Less than 1% of residual echo is detected as "port active" - (i.e. 36 sec. per hour) during normal operation of canceller.2. Less than 0.1 % (i.e. 3.6 sec per hour) of residual echo is detected as "speaker active" or "port sustained" during normal operation of canceller.3. Clipping of input speech in the presence of echo is no higher than clipping in the presence of modest to high level of noise.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 22A.3 DTMF DetectionA.3.1 Functional requirements:Table A-1 specifies the nominal frequencies for the DTMF digits that must bedetected. -------------------------------------------------------------- Nominal High Group Frequencies (Hz) 1209 1336 1477 1633 -------------------------------------------------------------- Nominal 697 1 2 3 A Low Group 770 4 5 6 B Frequencies 852 7 8 9 C (Hz) 941 0 D -------------------------------------------------------------- Table A-1: Nominal DTMF Frequencies1. Detect the presence of all 16 DTMF digits that are produced by different phones on the market under a broad range of network conditions.2. DTMF digit information is provided as soon as the minimum duration is met. This information is called leading edge detection. This allows the earliest possible response to the digit, such as stopping voice output.3. The trailing edge of a DTMF digit must be detected. This allows the system to delay any response (such as playing out voice) to the digit until the user has released the DTMF key. The criteria selected for trailing edge detection will debounce DTMF digits.4. The DSP reports leading and trailing edge in the 8 ms block that they are detected. DTMF events are not buffered.A.3.2 Performance requirements:Table A-2 consists of performance requirements taken from EIA-464A and BellcoreTR-TSY-000181. Also shown is D2s DTMF performance requirements, which is asuperset of the EIA and Bellcore requirements.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 23- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Requirement- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Characteristic Bellcore EIA/TIA-464A D2- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Frequency Deviation /-1.5% must accept; /-1.5% must accept; Configurable choice of /-3.5% must reject /-3.5% must reject four sets of must accept/must reject: /-2.0% accept to /-3.0% reject; /-2.5% accept to /-3.5% reject; /-3.0% accept to /-4.0% reject; /-3.5% accept to /-4.5% reject.- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Minimum Tone 40 ms must accept; 23 40 ms must accept Configurable from 24Duration ms must reject to 80 ms- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Minimum Interdigital 40 ms 40 ms Configurable from 24Interval to 80 ms- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Minimum Cycle Time 93 ms 93 ms Configurable from 48 to 160 ms- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Accept Levels 0 to -36 dBm must 0 to -25 dBm must 0 dBm to configurable accept, -55 dBm must accept minimum (-25 to -45 reject dBm range)- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Twist (ratio of high -8 to 4 dB -8 to 4 dB Separatelygroup power to low) configurable positive and negative twists: /- 4, 6, 8, 10, and 12 dB- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Bellcore talkoff tape Fewer than 670 total - Fewer than 20 talkoffs talkoffs; fewer than (with default 330 talkoffs of digits 0- configuration of 2.5% 9; fewer than 170 to 3.5% frequency talkoffs of signals deviation; 40 msec min and . tone duration; /- 8 dB twists; -45 dBm min accept level)- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Mitel talkoff tape - - 0 talkoffs (with default configuration)- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------SNR 23 dB 15 dB 15 dB- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Impulse Noise Fewer than 14 missed Fewer than 10 errors Pass both Bellcore and or split digits in in 10,000 tones for EIA EIA/TIA-464A Bellcore Impulse Noise test 1; fewer than 500 impulse noise Tape No. 201 errors in 10,000 tones requirements for test 2- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 24 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Echo 16 dB Signal-to-Echo 10 dB Signal-to-Echo Pass both Bellcore and ratio at 20 ms; 24 dB at ratio at 20 ms EIA/TIA-464A echo 45 ms requirements- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Dial Tone DTMF Detection in the DTMF Detection in the Pass both Bellcore and presence of dial tone presence of dial tone EIA/TIA-464A at -15 dBm per dial at -16 dBm per dial requirements for tone frequency tone frequency detection of DTMF digits in the presence of dial tone- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- TABLE A-2: DTMF Performance RequirementsOther performance requirements:1. A leading edge of DTMF digit is signaled during the block in which the minimum duration is met, and the trailing edge is signaled during the block in which the minimum debounce interval is met.2. Talk-down: DTMF detection must work reliably in the presence of echo (for the maximum allowable output voice level) and with varying levels of DTMF signals (due to network loss). D2s DTMF detector combined with the echo must meet the performance requirements of Figure A-I in the presence echo generated by playing pause-removed voice (male and female) at - 18 dBm ASL (averaged over 3 seconds) over a telephone circuit with 15 dB echo return loss (ERL). INSERT GRAPH Figure A-1: DTMF Talk-down Acceptance Curve3. Debounce test: Long tones (generated by "hard" key presses) must not be detected as multiple tones in the presence of echo interference or line noise. Combined with the echo canceller, the DTMF detector is required to reliably "debounce" all DTMF digits above -18 dBm in the presence of voice levels below -15 dBm (ASL) and a telephone circuit with echo return loss (ERL) of 15 dB.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 254. Double-talk talk-off: Many voice processing hardware or semiconductor manufacturers significantly degrade the "talk-off performance of their detector in the presence of voice echo or sidetone to achieve a high level of talk-down performance. This strategy is acceptable in a pure digit-in-voice-out scenario, but for voice conferencing or voice recognition applications, voice could be present in the both the transmit and receive path. In such cases, the DTMF detector must be very robust against "talk-off" in double-talk situations. The talk-off requirements for D2s DTMF detector under double-talk is fewer than 66 talkoffs for the Bellcore talk-off tape.A.4 Tone GenerationThe tone generation module can be programmed to generate any single, dual oramplitude modulated tone required to meet international telecommunicationsspecifications. This functionality is provided by the GENF module, whichproduces the sum or product of two independently generated sine waves as itsoutput. Each sine wave can be individually parameterized.A.4.l Functional requirements:The GENF module is designed to generate a wide range of DTMF, Call ProgressSignals, MF Rl/R2, and miscellaneous tones. In order to meet or exceedinternational telecommunication specifications, GENF must meet or exceed thefollowing functional requirements.1. Independent arguments shall be supplied for each frequency for dual tones that GENF generates. Single tones are generated by specifying that one of the dual tones frequencies is 0 Hz.2. Independent arguments shall be supplied for the carrier and modulation frequencies for amplitude modulated tones that GENF generates.3. Arguments shall be supplied that allow the frequency of a tone to be set in the range of 0 to 4000 Hz in 1 Hz units.4. Arguments shall be supplied that allow the output power to be set in the range of 3 to -50 dBm in 0.5 dB steps.5. Arguments shall be supplied that allow an amplitude modulated tones modulation percentage to be set in the range of 0 to 300% in 1% units.6. The tone duration (make time) shall be specified in 1 ms units. Tone durations shall be specified in the range of 0 to 8191 ms.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 267. An unlimited tone duration shall be specified by setting the make duration to -1.8. The silence duration between tones (break time) shall be specified in 1 ms units. Silence durations shall be specified in the range of 0 to 8191 ms.9. An unlimited silence duration shall be specified by setting the make duration to -1 and setting both frequencies of a dual tone to 0 Hz.10. The GENF module shall allow tones to be generated that meet or exceed EIA/TIA-464 requirement for DTMF and call progress tone generation.11. The GENF module shall allow tones to be generated that meet or exceed CCITT Blue Book Volume VI Fascicle VI.4 recommendations Q.310-Q.490 requirements for MF R1 and R2 tone generation.12. The GENF module shall generate tones with one to three unique cadence pairs (on/off pairs).A.4.2 Performance Requirements1. Frequency accuracy shall exceed 1 Hz.2. Level accuracy shall exceed 0.5 dB.3. Timing information shall exceed 1 ms accuracy.A.5 Universal Tone DetectorA.5.l OverviewThe Universal Tone Detector (UTD) is a high configurable tone detector. Bychanging parameters, this algorithm can classify a wide range of single and dualtone call progress signals generated in a wide variety of countries.A.5.2 GeneralSince different tones need different detection heuristics, and tones may havemultiple specifications, each tone is tagged with a tone category identifier.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 27 ----------------------------------------------- Tone Category Call Progress Signal ----------------------------------------------- 1 Modem 2 FAX CNG 3 Audible Ringback 4 Busy 5 Reorder or Congestion 6 Number Unobtainable 7 SIT 8 Dial tone 9 Unknown Tone ----------------------------------------------- Table A-3: Tone CategoriesIn addition to specifying a tone category, the parameters include a value thatis returned to the application when the tone is detected. This parameter neednot be unique. This allows multiple specifications to report the same tone eventto the application. UTD is table driven. Using this approach, the tone detectorsearches parameter tables for a matching tone. When a tone matches, the tonecode determines the heuristics necessary to completely classify the tone. Also,the tones must be specified in a way that a set of parameters corresponds toeither a single tone, a dual tone, or an amplitude modulated tone. --------------------------------- Code Tone Type --------------------------------- 0 Single Tone 1 Dual Tone 2 Modulated Tone --------------------------------- Table A-4: Call Progress Tone TypesA.5.3 General Functional RequirementsUTD functionally combines a single tone detector and a dual/modulated tonedetector into a single module. UTD combines the results of these detectors intoa single result. UTD has the following requirements.1. The DSP shall indicate that the first ringback has started after at least 400 ms of ringback like signal has been processed, as long as no other tone type is early detected. If more than one type of tone is early detected, the first ringback reporting shall be delayed until either cadence information disqualifies the other types, or tone precedence is used as a tie-breaker.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 282. The DSP shall indicate ringback has stopped when ringback is no longer detected.3. The DSP shall indicate a busy tone has been detected after the requisite number of make and break intervals have been processed, and no other tone category is still a candidate for detection.4. The DSP shall indicate a reorder tone has been detected after the requisite number of make and break intervals have been processed, and no other tone category is still a candidate for detection.5. The DSP shall indicate a number unobtainable tone has been detected after the requisite number of make and break intervals have been processed, and no other tone category is still a candidate for detection.6. In the event that more than one tone is a candidate for detection, detection is delayed until all characteristics that may disqualify any of the candidates are tested (for example, waiting for multiple cadence pairs to occur). If there is still more than one potential tone after all differentiating features have been exhausted, then the tone with the highest precedence is detected. Also, if the tone ceases prior to singling out one candidate tone, then the tone with the highest precedence is detected. Precedence is shown in Table A-3.7. The DSP shall supply an early detect flag. This flag shall be valid after the detector has processed no more than 72 ms of a tone. If more than one tone category is early detected, then the early detect flag shall indicate the tone category with the highest precedence.8. The DSP shall indicate that a modem has been detected if a single tone falls within the specified frequencies for modem tones, the minimum make interval has been exceeded while the average tone power is in excess of the minimum power requirement, and no other tone category is still a candidate for detection.9. The DSP shall indicate that a FAX CNG tone has been detected if a single tone falls within the specified frequencies for a CNG tone, the requisite number of on/off cadences have been processed, and no other tone category is still a candidate for detection.10. The DSP shall indicate that a SIT tone has been detected if at least two of the three segments of possible SIT tones have been detected for at least the minimum interval in excess of the minimum power requirement.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 2911. The DSP shall indicate that an Unknown tone has been detected when it has been determined that a tone has been detected that falls within the specified frequencies for an Unknown tone, the minimum duration has been exceeded, and the tone does not match and other category tones.A.5.3.1 TONE DETECTOR PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTSA.5.3.1.1 Single TonesThere are four types of parameters that shall be used to control single tonedetection. The variation of each parameter shall be limited by the constraintslisted in Table A-5. ------------------------------ Minimum Maximum -------------------------------------------------------------- Frequency 300 Hz 3300 Hz -------------------------------------------------------------- Bandwidth 0 Hz 1800 Hz -------------------------------------------------------------- Duration 100 msec 32760 msec -------------------------------------------------------------- Minimum Power Level -45 dBm 3 dBm -------------------------------------------------------------- Table A-5: Single Tone Detection ConstraintsThe frequency detection range shall be specified the Frequency and Bandwidthparameters. Figure A-2 shows the relationship of these parameters. Note that thebandwidth specification is symmetric about the center frequency. The Frequencyand Bandwidth parameters define a "must detect" range. The detector shall notuse frequency criteria to reject any tones which are within the range specifiedFrequency/Bandwidth parameters. Tones whose frequencies are outside but close tofrequency range may be detected.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 30 INSERT GRAPHFigure A-2: Frequency Domain Representation of tone parameters for a Single ToneIf the Power Level of the detected parameter is greater than the minimum powerspecified by the parameters, the signal shall not be rejected by Power Levelheuristics. Duration parameters are used to set the allowable duration of atone. Minimum and maximum tone durations may be specified (make durations).Also, minimum and maximum silence durations between tones may be specified.A.5.3.1.2 Dual TonesDual tones are created by summing two sinusoids. Since each tone can be isolatedin the frequency domain, dual tones are specified as a pair of single tones.Parameters for each tone of a dual pair use the same constraints as singletones. Namely, frequency1 is the center frequency of the lower tone, andbandwidth1 specifies its frequency tolerance. The same is true for frequency2and bandwidth2 for the high tone. Figure A-3 shows the definition of thefrequency and bandwidth parameters for a dual tone. INSERT GRAPH Figure A-3: Frequency Domain Representation of Tone Parameters for a Dual ToneSoftware License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 31Not all dual tones are detectable by UTD. A dual tone shall detected only whenthe difference between the two component frequencies is greater than 10 Hz andless than 230Hz.A.5.3.1.3 Amplitude Modulated TonesAmplitude modulated tones are created by multiplying two sinusoids. Whenanalyzed in the frequency domain, a modulated tone looks like three tones.Figure A-4 shows the frequency spectrum for a modulated tone.The tone whose frequency is the average of the other tones is the carrier. Theother two tones can be referred to as side lobes. For amplitude modulated tones,frequencyl and bandwidth1 specify the low sidelobe and its tolerance, whilefrequency2 and bandwidth2 specify the high sidelobe and its tolerance. INSERT GRAPH Figure A-4: Frequency Domain Representation of Tone Parameters for an Amplitude Modulated ToneAs with dual tones, not all modulated tones will be detected by UTD. Modulatedtones shall be detected if the difference between the carrier frequency and thesidelobes is between 10 Hz and 230 Hz.A.5.3.l.4 PrecedenceBy assigning a detection precedence to the classification process, tonefrequency ranges can overlap. When a tones parameters fall into a range sharedby two or more signals, the signal is classified as the one with the highestprecedence.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 32 ------------------------------------------- Precedence Call Progress Signal ------------------------------------------- 1 Modem 2 FAX CNG 3 Audible Ringback 4 Busy 5 Reorder or Congestion 6 Number Unobtainable 7 SIT 8 Dial Tone 9 Unknown Tone ------------------------------------------- Table A-6: Tone Detection PrecedenceTable A-6 shows the precedence of typical tones that the UTD module detects.Modem signals have the highest precedence, and Unknown tones have the lowest.Therefore, the frequency range of unknown tones can safely overlap the othertone ranges without causing tones to be misclassified. If the range for Unknowntones is allowed to be the maximum range allowed by the detector, any detectedtone that is unclassified would be designated as Unknown.A.5.3.1.5 North American Call Progress Signal DetectionFunctional Requirements:The tables below specify the frequencies, power levels, and cadence of theBellcore and EIA-464A call progress tones.- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Frequency (Hz) Power Level (dBm)- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Name 350 440 480 620 Per Frequency Combined- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------Audible Ring X X -22.5 /- 1.5- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Busy X X -27 /- 1.5- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Dial Tone X X -17.5 to -15 -13 to -14.5- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Intercept X X -20 /- 1.5- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Reorder X X -27 /- 1.5- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Table A-7: Call Progress Tone Frequency and Power RequirementsSoftware License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 33- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------Audible ring (ring- repetition of the tone on for 0.8 to 2.2 seconds, and back) off for 2.7 to 4.4 seconds- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------Busy repetition of the tone on for 0.5/-0.05 seconds, and off for 0.5 /-0.05 seconds- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------Dial steady uninterrupted- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------Intercept repetition of an alternating sequence, of the two frequencies each being on for 0.16 to 0.30 seconds with a total cycle time of 0.5 /-0.05 seconds- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------Reorder (fast busy) repetition of the tone on for 0.25/-0.025 seconds, and off for 0.25/-0.025 seconds- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Table A-8: Call Progress Tone CadencePerformance Requirements:1. Frequency Deviation: Even though the generator is required to meet a frequency tolerance per tone of /-0.5%, the detector needs to allow for a wider frequency tolerance due to variations in generators and line distortions. The CP detector detects all tones whose component frequencies deviate less than 1% from nominal.2. Twist: The CP detector detects all tones whose twist is less than /-4 dB.3. Dynamic Range: The CP detector exhibits a minimum dynamic range of 25 dB.4. Cadence: The CP detector must detect call progress tones whose cadence is within /-10%.5. Talkoff: The CP detector makes no false detections in 12 hours of testing with voice at -15 to -18 dBm ASL.A.5.3.1.6 FAX CNG Tone DetectionThe standard connection protocol for automatic connection of a FAX modemrequires that the calling FAX modem generate a calling tone (CNG). Hence forincoming calls, the EVP software has to detect a CNG signal. When CNG isdetected, EVP alerts the Core Processor to redirect the call to a FAX machine ora FAX modem embedded within the call processing system.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 34Functional Requirements:Detect the presence of the FAX calling tone (CNG). A CNG signal is defined asfollows. INSERT GRAPH Figure A-5: Fax calling tone (CNG) a) The CNG tone is within 38 Hz of nominal frequency. b) The timing tolerance of a CNG tone is /-15%. c) The power of a CNG tone is between 0 and -43 dBm.Performance Requirements:1. The detector does not miss any CNG signals on a prerecorded tape containing 50 CNG tone samples collected from S different FAX machines.2. The detector does not miss any CNG signals from the same FAX machines connected to a local CO with a noise level of less than -45 dBm.3. The detector misses less than 0.5% of CNG signals (generated at -10 dBm) when compressed voice is output at a level of-15 dBm or less (average over 3 seconds) into a network whose ERL is greater than 15 dB.4. The detector does not falsely detect more than 1 CNG tone per 5 hours of voice (based on Bellcore recorded talk radio voice tapes.)A.5.3.1.7 Modem Tone SpecificationAll answering modems that conform to the ITU V.25 answering sequence present a2100 Hz tone 1.8 to 2.5 seconds after answering the telephone line. Figure A-6and Figure A-7 show the timing of the answering tone (ANS). In Figure A-6, the2100 HzSoftware License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 35tone reverses phase every [tau] intervals. These phase reversals disconnect echocancellers and echo suppressors from the network. According to ITU G.164, phasereversal shall be accomplished such that the phase is within 180 /-10 degreesin 1 ms and that the amplitude of the 2100 Hz tone is not more than 3 dB belowits steady state value for more than 400 musec. INSERT GRAPH Figure A-6: Timing for Answering Modem with Phase ReversalA timing diagram for an answering modem without phase reversal is shown inFigure A- 7. The timing is identical with that of phase reversing tone exceptfor the reversal timing. INSERT GRAPH Figure A-7: Timing for Answering Modem without Phase Reversal Table A-9 contains the nominal frequency, power, and duration requirements for ------------------------------------------------ Minimum Maximum Unit --------------------------------------------------------------------- Frequency 2085 2115 Hz --------------------------------------------------------------------- Duration 2.6 4.0 seconds --------------------------------------------------------------------- Power -18.0 -6.0 dBm0 ---------------------------------------------------------------------generating modem tones as derived from V.25 and G.164. Table A-9: Modem Tone Generation RequirementsPerformance Requirements:Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 361. The detector does not miss any modem answer tone on a pre-recorded tape containing 50 modem answer tone samples collected from 5 different data modems.2. The detector does not miss any modem answer tone signals from the same data modem connected via a local CO with a noise level of less than -45 dBm.3. The detector does not miss more than 0.5% of modem answer tones (generated at -10 dBm) when compressed voice is played at a level of -15 dBm (ASL) or lower into a network connection with ERL greater than 15 dB.4. The detector does not falsely detect the presence of a modem answer tone more than once per 5 hours of voice (using Bellcore recorded talk radio voice tapes).5. There is no talkdown performance requirement. The near end is always silent and does not interfere with far end modem ANS signals.6. There shall be fewer than 1 talkoff in 5 hours of call classification when the detector is programmed with the recommended parameters. Assuming that each call is resolved within an average time of 10 seconds, there shall be less than 1 talkoff in 1800 calls.A.5.3.1.8 Three Tone SequencesMost countries that generate Special Information Tones (SIT) use a three tonesequence. SIT sequences are generated by various central offices or commoncarrier switching points to indicate a problem with the dialed call. A SIT tonesequence generally precedes a recorded voice announcement such as "the numberyou have dialed is no longer in service..." and is provided specifically for thepurpose of detection of the problem type by an automated device.There are two popular types of SIT sequences. The first type is used mainly inEurope. It consists of a sequence of three tones of identical durations. Thesecond type is the one used in North America. There are several North AmericanSIT sequences that are encoded using various combinations of frequency andduration for each of the three tones. The encoding has been standardized byBellcore.Performance Requirements:1. The UTD shall handle both types of sequences.2. There is no talkdown performance requirement. The near end is always silent and does not interfere with far end SIT signals.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 373. There shall be fewer than 1 talkoff in 5 hours of voice when the detector is programmed with the recommended parameters. Assuming that each voice call is has an average of 2 seconds of voice, there shall be fewer than 1 talkoff in 9000 calls.A.5.3.1.9 Unknown ToneAny single tone, dual tone, amplitude modulated tone or single tone sequencethat is not classified as a CP, SIT, CNG or modem ANS tone, shall be reported asan unknown tone.Performance Requirements:1. Talkdown performance requirement [TBD]2. There shall be fewer than 1 talkoff in 5 hours of voice when the detector is programmed with the recommended parameters (minimum tone duration 400 ms). Assuming that each voice call is has an average of 2 seconds of voice, there shall be fewer than 1 talkoff in 9000 calls.A.6 Multifrequency Tone Detection (MFD)The MFD algorithm module detects the presence of Rl, R2 Forward, and R2 BackwardMulti frequency (MF) tones under a broad range of network conditions and underinternational telecommunications specifications.A.6.1 Functional requirements:Table A-10, Table A-11, and Table A-12 specify the nominal frequencies for theMF digits that must be detected.- -----------------------------------------------------------------------F1 (Hz) F2 (Hz) 900 1100 1300 1500 1700 ------------------------------------------------------------- 700 1 2 4 7 Spare 900 -- 3 5 8 Spare 1100 -- -- 6 9 KP 1300 -- -- -- 0 Spare 1500 -- -- -- -- ST - ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Table A-10: Nominal MF R1 Frequencies and corresponding digit definitionsSoftware License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 38- -----------------------------------------------------------------------F1 (Hz) F2 (Hz) 1500 1620 1740 1860 1980 ------------------------------------------------------------- 1380 1 2 4 7 11 1500 -- 3 5 8 12 1620 -- -- 6 9 13 1740 -- -- -- 10 14 1860 -- -- -- -- 15- ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Table A-11: Nominal MF R2 Forward Frequencies and corresponding combination numbers- -----------------------------------------------------------------------F1 (Hz) F2 (Hz) 1020 900 780 660 540 ------------------------------------------------------------- 1140 1 2 4 7 11 1020 -- 3 5 8 12 900 -- -- 6 9 13 780 -- -- -- 10 14 660 -- -- -- -- 15- ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Table A-12: Nominal MF R2 Backward Frequencies and corresponding combination numbers1. Be configurable to detect either R1, R2 forward, or R2 backward MF digits on a per-call basis.2. Detect the presence of all 15 R1, 15 R2 Forward, and 15 R2 Backward digits under a broad range of network conditions.3. MF digit information is provided as soon as the minimum duration is met. This information is called leading edge detection. This allows the earliest possible response to the digit, such as in compelled signaling.4. The trailing edge of a MF digit must be detected. This allows the system to delay any response (such as in compelled signaling) to the digit until it is removed. The criteria selected for trailing edge detection will debounce MF digits.5. The DSP reports leading and trailing edge in the 8 ms block that they are detected. MF events are not buffered.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 39A.6.2 R1 Detection Performance requirements:Table A- 13 consists of MF R1 tone detection performance requirements taken fromCCITT/ITU Q310-Q331 and Bellcore TR-NWT-000506. Also shown is D2s MF R1performance requirements, which is a superset of the CCITT and Bellcorerequirements.- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Requirement- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Characteristic Bellcore CCITT/ITU D2- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Frequency Deviation /-(1.5% 5 Hz) must /-1.5% must accept Configurable choice of accept three sets of must accept frequency tolerance: /-(1.5% 5 Hz), /-(1.5% 10 Hz), /-(1.5% 15 Hz)- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Tone Duration KP signal / 54 ms /30 ms must accept Minimum duration is must accept; must reject steps, from 28 ms up. All others: /30 ms Can be configured for must accept; /30 ms must accept; must reject - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Minimum Interdigital Must accept Must accept Minimum interdigitalInterval interdigital intervals interdigital intervals interval is configurable /25 ms. Must bridge /20 ms in 4 ms steps. Can be interdigital intervals configured for /20 ms - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Minimum Cycle Time Up to 10 pulses per - 10 pulses per second second (100 ms cycle ( time)- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Accept Levels 0 to -25 dBm must - Minimum power is accept configurable from -25 frequency- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Twist (ratio of high group power to low) accept accept accept- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------SNR (white noise) 20 dB - 20 dB- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Impulse Noise Fewer than 14 missed - Fewer than 14 missed or split digits in or split digits in Bellcore Impulse Noise Bellcore Impulse Noise Tape No. 201 Tape No. 201- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 40 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Disturbing Frequencies Detection in the - Detection in the presence of 2A-B and presence of 2A-B and 2B-A modulation 2B-A modulating products 28 dB below products 28 dB below each frequency each frequency component level of the component level of the signals. signals- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Table A-13: MFD R1 Detection Performance RequirementsA.6.3 R2 Detection Performance RequirementsTable A- 14 shows the MF R2 tone detection performance requirements taken fromCCITT/1TU Q400-490. The MFD module is required to pass all CCITT/ITUrequirements.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 41- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Characteristic CCITT/ITU Requirement CCITT/ITU Requirement- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Frequency Deviation /-10 Hz must accept Configurable choice of three- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- sets of must accept frequency tolerance: /-10 Hz /-15 Hz /-20 Hz- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Tone Duration Must reject signals - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Minimum response time for R2 detect delay generate detect delay generate delaycompelled signaling delay detect delay decision detect delay decision delay delay generate delay - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Accept Levels -5 dBm0 to -31.5 dBm0 must Minimum power is detect; configurable from -25 dBm to -38.5 dBm0 must reject -45 dBm per frequency- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Twist (ratio of high group power to low) adjacent frequencies; for adjacent frequencies; non-adjacent frequencies; for non-adjacent frequencies 20 ddB twist must reject 20 dB twist must reject- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 42- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Disturbing Frequencies Must not falsely detect due to Must not falsely detect due to any one or more valid R2 any one or more valid R2 frequencies at -55 dBm per frequencies at -55 dBm per frequency. frequency. In the presence of a valid R2 In the presence of a valid R2 tone, no missed detections and tone, no missed detections and no false detections due to any no false detections due to any of the remaining frequencies at of the remaining frequencies at 20 dB below the highest of the 20 dB below the highest of the MF tone pair. MF tone pair. Must not falsely Must not falsely detect due to: detect due to: 1. Any 1 or 2 pure sine waves, 1. Any 1 or 2 pure sine waves, each at -38.5 dBm0, 300-3400 each at -38.5 dBm0, 300-3400 Hz. Hz. 2. Any 1 or 2 pure sine waves, 2. Any 1 or 2 pure sine waves, each at -42 dBm, 300-3400 Hz. each at -42 dBm, 300-3400 Hz. 3. Forward detector: Any 2 3. Forward detector: Any 2 pure sine waves, each at -5 pure sine waves, each at -5 dBm, 330-1150 Hz or 2130-3400 dBm, 330-1150 Hz or 2130-3400 Hz. Hz. 4. Backward detector: Any 2 4. Backward detector: Any 2 pure sine waves, each at -5 pure sine waves, each at -5 dBm, 1300-3400 Hz. dBm, 1300-3400 Hz.- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Transmitted signal interference Must not falsely detect due to Must not falsely detect due to generation of outgoing MF generation of outgoing MF digits. digits.- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Table A-14: MFD R2 Detection Performance RequirementsA.7 MFcR2 compelled signalingIn order to pass the CCITT requirements for compelled signal timing, thefollowing additional requirements are made on the MFD detector:1. The MFD detector shall detect the leading edge of an R2 digit after processing no more than 24 ms of the digit.2. The MFD detector shall detect the trailing edge of an R2 digit after processing no more than 16 ms of the silence following the digit.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 43 EXHIBIT B LICENSEE PRODUCT DESCRIPTION Service Resource Module (SRM) for high density programmable switching systems.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 44 EXHIBIT CDEVELOPMENT, MAINTENANCE, AND RUNTIME LICENSE FEE SCHEDULEDEVELOPMENT LICENSE FEES: LICENSED TECHNOLOGY FOR THE BASIC SERVICES SPECIFIEDIN EXHIBIT ADevelopment license fees are specified in PO 104962.50% of which has already been paid to D2 and the final 50% to be paid upon thedelivery and acceptance of the Licensed Technology for Basic Services byLicensee in accordance with Article 4 of this Agreement.MAINTENANCE FEES: LICENSED TECHNOLOGY FOR THE BASIC SERVICES SPECIFIED INEXHIBIT AThe Maintenance Fee after the expiry of the Warranty period shall be 20,000 peryear, starting from the date after the Warranty period (Contract Year),renewable at the end of each Contract Year.In the event that during the four consecutive calendar quarters which beginimmediately after the start of a Contract Year, LICENSEE completes payments toD2 of one hundred thousand dollars in Runtime License Fees under this Agreement,D2 will apply a credit equaling to 100% of the Maintenance Fee against theRuntime License Fees of that Contract Year.In the event that LICENSEE exercises the Buy Out option for Runtime LicenseFees, there shall be no Maintenance Fee for the first three years after theexpiry of the Warranty period.RUNTIME LICENSE FEES: LICENSED TECHNOLOGY FOR BASIC SERVICES SPECIFIED INEXHIBIT A AND SIMPLE CONFERENCING TECHNOLOGYA runtime license fee shall be paid for each SRM in the Licensee Product(Exhibit B) which contains the Licensed Technology for Basic Services and simpleconferencing which does not require network echo cancellation technology(Exhibit A) sold by LICENSEE. Licensee Products which do not run the LicensedTechnology are not subject to runtime license fees.The runtime license fee is based on the number of ports of service that acustomer can expect the SRM to provide. As such, this runtime license feecalculation may be used for an SRM with any number of DSP processors (DSPs),with any MIPSSoftware License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 45performance rating, as long as it is from the TI TMS320C54x, TMS320C55x, orTMS320C6x processor family.Fee_per_SRM Fee_per_Port DSPs_per_SRM Average_Ports_per_DSPWhere: Fee_per_SRM is the runtime license fee for each SRM. Fee_per_Port is on Table 1. DSPs_per_SRM is the number of DSPs on each SRM. Average_Ports_per_DSP is defined below. ----------------------------------------------------------- total quantity of processors licensed Fee_per_port ----------------------------------------------------------- 1-5,000 2.00 ----------------------------------------------------------- 5,001 - 25,000 1.00 ----------------------------------------------------------- 25,001 - 50,000 0.75 ----------------------------------------------------------- 5,001 - 75,000 0.50 ----------------------------------------------------------- 75,000 0.00 ----------------------------------------------------------- Table 1. Fee per portIf LICENSEE commits to purchase licenses for a minimum of 10,000 processors forthe first year after first customer shipments, the fee_per_port will be reducedfor 1.00 for the first 5,000 processors.The SRM will provide 5 Basic Services and simple conferencing (which does notrequire network echo cancellation): 1. DTG -- Digital Tone Generation (static channels and outpulsing) 2. CPA -- Call Progress Analysis (with Voice Activity Detection) 3.- DRC -- DTMF Detection 4. MFR(1) -- Multifrequency Reception (1) 5. MFCR2 -- Multifrequency Reception and Transmission, Compelled R2To determine the Average ports per DSP, the completed software will be tested ina heavily-loaded VCO/20 to determine the maximum number of ports that a singleDSP processor performing each of the Basic Services can reliably satisfy. ThisSoftware License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 46maximum will be documented in Table 2 below, and will be encoded in software, toprevent a customer from exceeding it.This maximum will vary depending on the DSP processor speed, so a separatemeasurement will have to be done for SRMs containing faster processors. Due tosystem limitations, this number will never exceed 63.The number of ports supported for each of the Basic Services, per DSP processor,will be averaged (arithmetic mean) to create an average number of ports per DSP(Average_Ports_per_DSP). Because of the computational simplicity of the DTGService, it will not be included in this calculation: Average_Ports_per_DSP (CPA DRC MFR1 MFCR2)/4- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Service Predicted Measured Included in Maximum Ports Maximum Ports Average?- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- DTG 63 To be measured Not included- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- CPA 30 To be measured Included- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- DRC 30 To be measured Included- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- MFR1 30 To be measured Included- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- MFCR2 30 To be measured Included- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- TABLE 2. MEASURED PERFORMANCE OF SERVICESCAP: The runtime license fees is fully paid up after it reaches the CAP, whichis the cumulative runtime license fees paid by LICENSEE for the first 75,000processors as specified in Table 1 above. The CAP is cumulative across the TexasInstruments TMS320C54x, TMS320CSSx, and TMS320C6x, and other TI processors basedon the same core processor architecture.BUYOUT OPTION: Within the Warranty period, LICENSEE may elect to pay D2 a sum of1,400,000 as a one time paid-up runtime license fees for the Basic Servicesspecified in Exhibit A.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 47 EXHIBIT D MODEL LICENSEE AGREEMENT FOR LICENSEE PRODUCTSOFTWARE LICENSELicensed Technology incorporated in LICENSEE Product, together with Updates andNew Versions thereof, are provided to LICENSEEs Customer under a non-exclusiveworldwide license subject to the following terms:1. LICENSEEs Customer shall have the right to distribute copies of the LicensedTechnology to end users in Object Code form either directly or indirectlythrough others for use in connection with the LICENSEE Product. LICENSEEsCustomer shall require that such end users agree to protect D2s and LICENSEEsintellectual property rights in the Licensed Technology as set forth in thisLICENSEEs Customer Agreement.2. LICENSEEs Customer shall have the right to reproduce the Licensed Technologyfor distribution and make a reasonable number of copies of the LicensedTechnology for backup or archival purposes.3. LICENSEEs Customer shall not have the right to modify, reverse engineer,decompile or derive Source Code from the Licensed Technology, nor shallLICENSEEs Customer permit any third party to do so. LICENSEEs Customer shallnot have the right to disclose the Licensed Technology except as permittedherein.4. LICENSEEs Customer shall have the right to transfer a licensed copy of theLicensed Technology to a third party provided LICENSEEs Customer does notretain any copies of such licensed copy and the third party agrees to abide bythe terms and conditions of this LICENSEEs Customer Agreement. All LicensedTechnology must be transferred upon a change in title of any hardware in whichit was installed.5. LICENSEEs Customer agrees that D2 or LICENSEE retain the entire right andtitle to Licensed Technology.6. The provisions of this Article (paragraphs 1 through 6 preceding) shallsurvive the termination or expiration of this LICENSEEs Customer Agreement.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 48 EXHIBIT E1. Development and Back-up Computers Computer Manufacturer and Model Serial Number Dev/Backup(1) -- --(2) -- --(3) -- --1. FORMAT OF Licensed Software Media(1) -- --(2) -- --(3) -- --Date:Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL 49 EXHIBIT F Acceptance Test SpecificationTo be provided by D2 and LICENSEE within 90 days of effective date of thisAgreement.Software License D2 Technologies, Inc.and Maintenance Agreement August 4, 1997 CONFIDENTIAL