Exhibit 10.22 MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT THIS MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and entered intoas of the 28th day of March 2006 by THAYER EQUITY INVESTORS IV, L.P. (the"Investor"), in favor of U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national bankingassociation in its capacity as administrative agent (in such capacity andtogether with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the "Agent"), foritself and the lending institutions from time to time party to the FinancingAgreement (defined below) (collectively and together with their respectivesuccessors and assigns, the "Lenders"). RECITALS: A. The Agent, Lenders and SUNTRON CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation,KTEC OPERATING CORP., a Delaware corporation, SUNTRON GCO, L.P., a Texaslimited partnership, EFTC OPERATING CORP., a Delaware corporation, SUNTRON-IOWA,INC., a Delaware corporation, CURRENT ELECTRONICS, INC., an Oregon corporation,RM ELECTRONICS, INC., a New Hampshire corporation, and SUNTRON-KANSAS, INC., aDelaware corporation (collectively, the "Borrowers") entered into a certainFinancing Agreement bearing event date herewith (as the same may be amended,modified, restated or supplemented from time to time, the "FinancingAgreement"). B. As a condition precedent to the effectiveness of the FinancingAgreement, the Agent has required that the Investor execute and deliver thisAgreement. D. The Investor is a shareholder of Suntron Corporation and, as such,expects to derive benefits from the Amendment and from the credit accommodationsextended to the Borrowers pursuant to the Financing Agreement, and finds it inits best interests to execute and deliver this Agreement to the Agent. AGREEMENTS: NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises herein set forth andfor other good and valuable consideration, the nature, receipt and sufficiencyof which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 1. Defined Terms. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in thisAgreement shall have the meanings given such terms in the Financing Agreement.For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the followingmeanings: "Required Capital Contributions" means some combination of (a) one or more unrestricted cash contributions to the capital of one or more of the Borrowers made by the Investor, and/or (b) one or more Qualified Subordinated Loans made by the Investor to one or more of the Borrowers, in each case as required under Section 2 below, in any or all cases, in an aggregate amount not to exceed 5,000,000 during the term of this Agreement. "Qualified Subordinated Loan" shall mean a loan or other financial accommodation (excluding interest paid in kind) extended by any Person to one or more of the Borrowers which is subordinated in right of payment and security to the Obligations pursuant to the terms of a written subordination agreement (substantially equivalent to the Subordination Agreement bearing even date herewith executed by the Investor in favor of the Agent), the proceeds of which loan or other financial accommodation have been delivered to the applicable Borrower(s) in the form of cash or cash equivalents. 2. Contributions to Capital. The Investor agrees to make, and theapplicable Borrower(s) agree(s) to accept, Required Capital Contributions inrespect of the applicable 12 Month Period (or shorter period prior to July 3,2006, as applicable) in an amount sufficient to cause (via an addition toAdjusted EBITDAR in the amount of such Required Capital Contributions) theBorrowers to comply with Section 2 of Schedule 10.28 to the Financing Agreementas of the last day of each Fiscal Quarter. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anyother provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Agent acknowledges andagrees that the Investors obligation to make Required Capital Contributionshereunder shall be limited to an aggregate amount of 5,000,000 during the termof this Agreement. The Agent further acknowledges and agrees that, regardless ofwhether other "Events of Default" (as defined therein) have occurred and arecontinuing under the Financing Agreement, in no event shall the Investor beobligated to make any Required Capital Contributions hereunder if the Borrowershave fully complied with Section 2 of Schedule 10.28 to the Financing Agreementas of the last day of the applicable Fiscal Quarter for the applicable 12 MonthPeriod (or shorter period prior to July 3, 2006, as applicable). 3. Timing of Required Capital Contributions. The Required CapitalContributions shall be made within forty-five (45) days following the last dayof each Fiscal Quarter, unless the last day of such Fiscal Quarter is the sameas the fiscal year end, and in such case, ninety (90) days following such fiscalyear end. 4. Specific Performance and Liquidated Damages. The Investoracknowledges and agrees that if a Maintenance Event of Default (as defined inSection 10 below) has occurred and is continuing hereunder, the Agent, foritself and on behalf of the Lenders, shall have the non-exclusive right toobtain specific performance of the obligation of the Investor to make theRequired Capital Contributions. If specific performance is not a remedy thenavailable to the Agent and the Lenders for any reason, the Agent and the Lenderswill suffer damages in an amount which, due to the special nature of thetransaction contemplated by this Agreement, will be impracticable or extremelydifficult to ascertain. Determination of such damages would necessitatedeterminations of value which would be based upon speculative determination ofthe value of assets of the Borrowers and the capacity of assets of the Borrowersto pay the Obligations and other Indebtedness of the Borrowers. Such damages areuncertain and incapable of estimation as of the date of this Agreement and shallremain so to the date of the occurrence of any Maintenance Event of Defaulthereunder. The Investor, the Agent and the Lenders hereby acknowledge and agreethat (a) an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the full amount of each RequiredCapital Contribution that has not been made by the Investor and (ii) thethen-outstanding balance of the Obligations, represents a reasonable estimate ofthe damages which the Agent and the Lenders will sustain upon the occurrence ofan Maintenance Event of Default hereunder, and (b) such lesser amount will bethe full, agreed and liquidated damages resulting from the occurrence of anyMaintenance Event of Default hereunder. The payment of such amount is intendedto constitute liquidated damages to the Agent and the Lenders and shall not bedeemed to constitute a forfeiture or penalty. Upon receipt by the Agent, suchamount may, in the sole discretion of the Agent, be applied to the Obligationswhen and as due; provided, however, that such amount, if so applied, may not bereborrowed by any Borrower under the Financing Agreement. 5. Representations and Warranties. The Investor hereby represents andwarrants as follows: (a) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement will not result in any violation of, or be in conflict with or constitute a default under, any agreement or under any law, statute, regulation or ordinance applicable to the Investor or result in the creation of any Lien upon any properties or assets of the Investor. 2 (b) This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Investor, and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Investor, enforceable against the Investor in accordance with itsbbsp;terms. (c) No consent or authorization of, filing with or other act by or in respect of, any governmental authority and no consent of any other Person (including, without limitation, any creditor of the Investor) is required in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement. 6. Special Account. All Required Capital Contributions shall be madeby Investor via wire transfer directly into the Special Account. 7. Unconditional Obligations, Waivers of Defenses. The obligations ofthe Investor under this Agreement shall be absolute and unconditional under anyand all circumstances, and shall not be to any extent or in any way discharged,impaired or otherwise affected except by performance in full. Without limitingthe generality of the foregoing, such obligations shall not be affected by: (a)any lack of validity or enforceability of the Financing Agreement or any otherLoan Document, (b) any amendment of or addition or supplement to, or any waiveror consent with respect to, the Financing Agreement or any other Loan Document,(c) any exercise or nonexercise of any right, power or remedy under or inrespect of the Financing Agreement or any other Loan Document (d) any exchange,release or nonperfection of all or any portion of the Collateral, or any otheraction or omission to act with respect to all or any portion of the Collateral,or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from anyguaranty for all or any of the Obligations, or any other release, extension,settlement, compromise, indulgence or other action, inaction, change, waiver oromission under or in respect of the Financing Agreement or any other LoanDocument, (e) the value of all or any portion of the Collateral regardless ofthe manner of determining such value, (f) the subordination of the payment ofthe Obligations or any part thereof to the payment of any other Indebtednesswhich may at the time be due or owing by the Borrowers (or any of them) to theAgent or the Lenders or to any other Person, (g) any insolvency, bankruptcy,receivership, liquidation, reorganization, readjustment, composition,dissolution or other similar proceeding involving any Borrower or the Investor,(h) any "Event of Default" (as defined therein) under the Financing Agreementwhether or not the Obligations shall have become, or been declared, due andpayable (i) any claim, abatement, reduction, limitation, impairment,termination, set-off, defense, counterclaim or recoupment whatsoever or anyright to any of the foregoing (including, but not limited to, claims,abatements, reductions, limitations, impairments, terminations, set-offs,defenses, counterclaims or recoupment for or on account of any past, present orfuture Indebtedness of any Borrower to the Investor or which may be asserted byany Borrower against the Agent or the Lenders, whether or not arising under thisAgreement and whether or not arising out of any action or nonaction on the partof such Borrower, the Agent or the Lenders, including any disposition of anyassets of such Borrower, pursuant to requirements of any governmental authority,actions of judicial receivers or trustees or otherwise, and whether or notarising from willful or negligent acts or omissions), (j) any failure on thepart of any Borrower to perform its duties and obligations under this Agreement,(k) any other circumstances which constitutes or might be construed toconstitute, an equitable or legal discharge of the Borrowers (or any of them)for the Obligations, or of the Investor under this Agreement, in bankruptcy orin any other instance, (l) any action or thing which might, but for thisprovision of this Agreement, be deemed a legal or equitable discharge of asurety or guarantor, other than irrevocable making of the Required CapitalContributions or the liquidated damage amount specified in this Agreement, or(m) any other circumstance, happening, condition or event whatsoever, whether ornot similar to any of the foregoing; whether or not the Investor shall havenotice or knowledge of any of the foregoing or shall have consented to any ofthe foregoing. 3 8. Waivers. The Investor hereby irrevocably waives, to the extent thatit may do so under applicable law: (a) any defense based on the adequacy of aremedy at law which may be asserted as a bar to the remedy of specificperformance in any action brought against the Investor for specific performanceof this Agreement by Agent, for itself and on behalf of the Lenders, or for thebenefit of the Agent and the Lenders by a receiver or trustee appointed for anyBorrower or in respect of all or a substantial part of any Borrowers assetsunder the bankruptcy or insolvency laws of any jurisdiction to which suchBorrower is, or its assets are, subject, (b) all statutes of limitations as adefense to any action or proceeding brought against the Investor by the Agent,for itself and on behalf of the Lenders under this Agreement, to the fullestextent permitted by law, (c) any right the Investor may have to require theAgent or the Lenders to proceed against the Borrowers (or any of them), proceedagainst or exhaust any security held from the Borrowers (or any of them), orpursue any other remedy in the Agents or the Lenders power to pursue, (d) anydefense based on any claim that the Investors obligations hereunder exceed orare more burdensome than those of the Borrowers under the Financing Agreement orthe other Loan Documents (as defined in the Financing Agreement), (e) anydefense based on (i) any legal disability of any Borrower, (ii) any release,discharge, modification, impairment or limitation of the liability of anyBorrower to the Agent or the Lenders from any cause, whether consented to by theAgent and/or the Lenders or arising by operation of law or from any bankruptcyor other voluntary or involuntary proceeding, in or out of court, for theadjustment of debtor creditor relationships ("Insolvency Proceeding") and (iii)any rejection or disaffirmance of this Agreement or the obligations hereunder,or the Obligations, or any portion thereof, or any security held therefor, inany such Insolvency Proceeding; (f) any defense based on any action taken oromitted by the Agent or the Lenders in any Insolvency Proceeding involving anyBorrower, including any election to have the Agents claims allowed as beingsecured, partially secured or unsecured, any extension of credit by the Agentand the Lenders to the Borrowers (or any of them) in any Insolvency Proceeding,and the taking and holding by the Agent and the Lenders of any security for anysuch extension of credit, (g) all presentments, demands for performance, noticesof nonperformance, protests, notices of protest, notices of dishonor, notices ofacceptance of this Agreement and of the existence, creation, or incurring of newor additional indebtedness, and demands and notices of every kind, (h) anydefense based on or arising out of any defense that the Borrowers (or any ofthem) may have to the payment or performance of the Obligations or any part ofthem; and (i) any defense based on or arising out of any action of the Agent orthe Lenders under this Agreement, the Financing Agreement or any of the LoanDocuments (as defined in the Financing Agreement). 9. Non-Reliance on Agent or Lenders. The Investor hereby warrants andrepresents to the Agent and the Lenders that: (a) the Investor now has, and willcontinue to have, independent means of obtaining information concerning theaffairs, financial condition and business of each Borrower, (b) the Investor isfamiliar with the financial condition of each Borrower and has independentlyevaluated such financial condition, (c) the Investor is not in any way relyingon any representations made by the Agent or the Lenders as to any Borrower, theObligations, the Loan Documents or any collateral security therefore or otherguarantors or endorsers, co-singers or sureties thereof or any related matters,and (d) the Investor has had an opportunity to review the Financing Agreement,the Amendment and all of the other Loan Documents. Neither the Agent nor theLenders shall have any duty or responsibility to provide the Investor with anycredit or other information concerning the affairs, financial condition orbusiness of any Borrower which may come into the Agents or any Lenderspossession. 10. Events of Default; Remedies. Any one or more of the followingevents shall constitute a "Maintenance Event of Default" under this Agreement:(a) if the Investor shall fail to pay, when and as due, any Required CapitalContribution and such failure shall continue for five (5) days; (b) if theInvestor shall fail to perform any other of the Investors obligations in thisAgreement, and such failure shall continue for fifteen (15) days, (c) if anywarranty or statement made or information provided 4by the Investor in connection with this Agreement is untrue or misleading in anymaterial respect on the date made; (d) if Investor shall, at any time, fail tohave committed capital in an aggregate minimum amount equal to 5,000,000 lessthe sum of all Required Capital Contributions (if any) actually made by theInvestor during the term of this Agreement, as determined based on the mostrecent information made available by the Investor to the Agent pursuant toSection 20 below; or (e) the Investor shall become insolvent or generally failto pay, or admit in writing its inability to pay, its debts as they mature orapply for or consent to the appointment of a trustee or other custodian for itsproperties, or make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or anybankruptcy, reorganization, debt arrangement or other proceeding under anybankruptcy or insolvency law, is instituted by or against the Investor. Upon theoccurrence of any Maintenance Event of Default hereunder, the Agent, for itselfand on behalf of the Lenders, may exercise any of its rights and remediesavailable at law or in equity (including, without limitation, the rights andremedies described in Section 4 above). The Investor and the Borrowers eachexpressly acknowledge and agree that the occurrence of any Maintenance Event ofDefault hereunder shall constitute an "Event of Default" (as defined therein)under the Financing Agreement. 11. Expenses. The Investor agrees to pay or reimburse (or cause theBorrowers to pay or reimburse) the Agent and the Lenders on demand for allout-of-pocket expenses (including in each case all reasonable attorneys feesand expenses of counsel) incurred by the Agent or the Lenders in connection withenforcement of this Agreement. 12. Consideration and Reliance. The Investor acknowledges that theAgent and the Lenders have relied upon and will continue to rely hereafter uponthe Investors undertakings herein in making or maintaining the advances underthe Financing Agreement. The Investor acknowledges that the making ormaintenance of such advances by the Agent and the Lenders produces economicbenefit to the Investor, and that the Investor will receive consideration as theresult of the making or maintaining of such advances. 13. Miscellaneous. This Agreement supersedes and merges into it allprior agreements and understandings between the Investor, the Agent and theLenders, whether oral or written, with respect to the subject matter of thisAgreement. No delay or failure by the Agent or the Lenders in the exercise ofany right or remedy shall constitute a waiver thereof and no single or partialexercise by the Agent or the Lenders of any right or remedy shall preclude otheror further exercise of any other right or remedy. This Agreement shall bebinding upon the Investor and the Investors successors, transferees and assignsand shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Agent, for itselfand on behalf of the Lenders, and its successors, transferees, and assigns. Anyinvalidity or unenforceability of any provision or application of this Agreementshall not affect other lawful provisions and applications hereof and to this endthe provisions of this Agreement are declared to be severable. 14. No Third Party Beneficiaries. The Investor, the Agent and theLenders have agreed that there are no intended third party beneficiaries of thisAgreement, and specifically, that the Borrowers and their respective affiliates,successors and assigns are not third party beneficiaries. 15. GOVERNING LAW. THE VALIDITY, CONSTRUCTION AND ENFORCEABILITY OFTHIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF MINNESOTA, WITHOUTGIVING EFFECT TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF. 16. CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. AT THE OPTION OFsbsp;THE AGENT, FOR ITSELFAND ON BEHALF OF THE LENDERS, THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE ENFORCED IN ANY FEDERALCOURT OR MINNESOTA STATE COURT SITTING IN HENNEPIN COUNTY OR 5RAMSEY COUNTY, MINNESOTA; AND THE INVESTOR, THE AGENT AND THE LENDERS CONSENT TOTHE JURISDICTION AND VENUE OF ANY SUCH COURT AND WAIVE ANY ARGUMENT THAT VENUEIN SUCH FORUMS IS NOT CONVENIENT. IN THE EVENT ANY BORROWER OR THE AGENT, FORITSELF AND ON BEHALF OF THE LENDERS, COMMENCES ANY ACTION IN ANOTHERJURISDICTION OR VENUE UNDER ANY TORT OR CONTRACT THEORY ARISING DIRECTLY ORINDIRECTLY FROM THE RELATIONSHIP CREATED BY THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER PARTY ATITS OPTION SHALL BE ENTITLED TO HAVE THE CASE TRANSFERRED TO ONE OF THEJURISDICTIONS AND VENUES ABOVE-DESCRIBED, OR IF SUCH TRANSFER CANNOT BEACCOMPLISHED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, TO HAVE SUCH CASE DISMISSED WITHOUTPREJUDICE. 17. WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY. EACH OF THE INVESTOR, THE AGENT AND THELENDERS IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGALPROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT. 18. Continuing Agreement; Reinstatement. This Agreement shall in allrespects be a continuing agreement and, subject to Section 19 below, shallremain in full force and effect (notwithstanding, without limitation, thedissolution of the undersigned or that at any time or from time to time all ofthe Obligations may have been paid in full) until such time as (a) all of theObligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations to the extent nounsatisfied claim giving rise thereto has been asserted) have been paid in fullin cash, and (b) any commitment on the part of the Agent and the Lenders toextend further financial accommodations to the Borrowers (or any of them) hasbeen terminated. This Agreement shall continue to be effective, or bereinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment, or any part thereof,on account of any of the Obligations is invalidated, declared to be fraudulentor preferential, set aside, rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returnedby the Agent or the Lenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation,dissolution or reorganization of any Borrower or upon or as a result of theappointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similarofficer for any Borrower, or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise,all as though such payment had not been made. 19. Release of Agreement. The Investor may, at any time after March31, 2007, and not more than once during any fiscal quarter of the Borrowers,request that the Agent release this Agreement by providing the Agent withwritten notice of the same (each, a "Release Request"). If such a request ismade, the Agent agrees to release this Agreement on or before the Release Date(defined below) provided that all of the following conditions have beensatisfied: (a) Unaudited financial statements of the Borrowers required under Section 8.5 of the Financing Agreement, for the period of four (4) consecutive Fiscal Quarters ending on, or most recently ended prior to, the date of such Release Request (or, if the Fiscal Quarter ending on or most recently ended prior to the date of such Release Request is the last Fiscal Quarter of any Fiscal Year of the Borrowers, the audited financial statements for the Borrowers required under Section 8.7 of the Financing Agreement the Fiscal Year ending on, or most recently ended prior to, the date of such Release Request) have been received by the Agent, and based on the information contained in such financial statements, the Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Financing Agreement) as of last day of the Fiscal Quarter ending on or most recently ended prior to, the date of such Release Request, for said period of four (4) consecutive Fiscal Quarters, is no less than 1.25 to 1.0; (b) no "Default" or "Event of Default" (as those terms are defined in the Financing Agreement) shall have occurred and be continuing as of the date of such Release Request; and 6 (c) the Investor shall have provided the Agent, and shall have caused the Borrowers to have provided the Agent, with such information as the Agent may reasonably request to confirm that the conditions set forth in subsections (a) and (b) above have been satisfied. For purposes of this Section 19, the term "Release Date" shall meanthe date which is five (5) days after the date on which the Agent has receivedall documentation and other information reasonably necessary to determine thatall of the foregoing conditions have been satisfied and has confirmed suchsatisfaction to the Borrowers in writing. 20. Evidence of Minimum Liquidity. The Investor agrees to deliver tothe Agent, from time to time, promptly following Agents request therefor, asworn affidavit or other evidence reasonably acceptable to the Agentsubstantiating that the Investor has committed capital in an aggregate minimumamount equal to 5,000,000 less the sum of all Required Capital Contributions(if any) actually made by the Investor during the term of this Agreement. 21. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest tooccur of: (i) the date on which the aggregate Required Capital Contributionspaid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with theterms of this Agreement equal 5,000,000; (ii) the Release Date (as defined inSection 19) or (iii) payment in full, in cash, of all Obligations and thetermination of the Financing Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreementshall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at anytime the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, andreceived by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement isless than 5,000,000 and any payment, or any part thereof, on account of any ofthe Obligations is invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, setaside, rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Agent or theLenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution orreorganization of any Borrower or upon or as a result of the appointment of areceiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for anyBorrower, or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as thoughsuch payment had not been made. [Remainder of page intentionally left blank; Signature page follows] 7 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed as of theday and year first above written. THAYER EQUITY INVESTORS IV, L.P. By: TC Equity Partners IV, L.L.C., its general partner By: Thayer Management Partners, L.L.C., its managing member By /s/ Douglas P. McCormick ------------------------------------- sbsp; Its Managing Partner Address: c/o Thayer Capital Partners 1455 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W. Washington, D.C. 20004 Attention: Rona Kennedy Facsimile No.: (202) 371-0391Acknowledged and Accepted as ofthe day and year first written above:U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,a national banking associationBy: /s/ Christopher J. Schaaf --------------------------------- Christopher J. Schaaf, Vice President 8 ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF BORROWERS The undersigned, SUNTRON CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation, KTECOPERATING CORP., a Delaware corporation, SUNTRON GCO, L.P., a Texas limitedpartnership, EFTC OPERATING CORP., a Delaware corporation, SUNTRON-IOWA, INC., aDelaware corporation, CURRENT ELECTRONICS, INC., an Oregon corporation, RMELECTRONICS, INC., a New Hampshire corporation, and SUNTRON-KANSAS, INC., aDelaware corporation (collectively, the "Borrowers"), hereby acknowledge receiptof a copy of the foregoing Maintenance Agreement (the "Agreement"). Capitalizedterms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in theAgreement. Each Borrower hereby waives notice of acceptance of the Agreement bythe Agent and the Lenders and agrees to be bound by the terms and provisionsthereof, to accept all payments of Required Capital Contributions due from theInvestor pursuant to terms and provisions thereof, and to do every other act andthing necessary or reasonably appropriate to carry out such terms andprovisions. Each Borrower represents and warrants to the Agent and the Lendersthat no shareholder agreement, voting trust or other similar agreement bindingupon such Borrower or the holder of any ownership interest in such Borrower willbe violated by the payment of Required Capital Contributions by the Investor, orby the acceptance of the same by such Borrower, in each case pursuant to theterms and provisions of the Agreement. SUNTRON CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation By: /s/ Thomas B. Sabol ------------------------------------ Name: Thomas B. Sabol Title: Chief Financial Officer KTEC OPERATING CORP., a Delaware Corporation By: /s/ James A. Doran ------------------------------------ Name: James A. Doran Title: Vice President SUNTRON GCO, L.P., a Texas limited partnership By: RodniC LLC, a Texas limited liability company, its general partner By: /s/ James A. Doran ------------------------------------ Name: James A. Doran Title: Chief Accounting Officer 9 EFTC OPERATING CORP., a Delaware corporation By: /s/ James A. Doran ------------------------------------ Name: James A. Doran Title: Vice President SUNTRON-IOWA, INC., a Delaware corporation By: /s/ James A. Doran ------------------------------------ Name: James A. Doran Title: Vice President CURRENT ELECTRONICS, INC., a Oregon corporation By: /s/ James A. Doran ------------------------------------ Name: James A. Doran Title: Vice President RM ELECTRONICS, INC., a New Hampshire corporation By: /s/ James A. Doran ------------------------------------ Name: James A. Doran Title: Vice President SUNTRON -KANSAS, INC., a Delaware corporation By: /s/ James A. Doran ------------------------------------ Name: James A. Doran Title: Vice President 10