1 EXHIBIT 10.14 OUTSOURCING AGREEMENT This Outsourcing Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered intoas of January 1, 1998, by and between Sykes HealthPlan Services, Inc., a Floridacorporation ("SHPS"), and HealthPlan Services, Inc., a Florida corporation("HPS"). BACKGROUND HPS (or one of its affiliates other than SHPS) provides certainadministrative services and Care Management Services (as defined below) toclients ("Clients") pursuant to the terms of agreements with such Clients (the"Client Agreements") as of January 1, 1998. HPS desires that SHPS provide, andSHPS is willing to provide, the Care Management Services to the Clients onbehalf of HPS in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.Accordingly, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forthbelow, the parties agree as follows: TERMS 1. SERVICES PROVIDED; TERM AND TERMINATION 1.1 AGREEMENT TO OUTSOURCE CARE MANAGEMENT SERVICES. HPSagrees to outsource to SHPS, and hereby appoints SHPS as the exclusive providerof, Care Management Services to the Clients, subject to the terms and conditionsset forth in this Agreement. SHPS shall provide the Care Management Servicesdirectly to the Clients in accordance with the terms of the Client Agreements."Care Management Services" means the business of providing utilization review(which includes, but is not limited to, pre-admission certification, priorauthorization, prospective length of stay approvals, second opinions, concurrentreview and discharge planning), catastrophic medical case management, diseasemanagement and demand management (24 hours per day, 7 days per week) services tobenefits payors and health providers, in all cases in accordance with the termsof the applicable Client Agreement. 1.2 TERM. The term of this Agreement will commence on January1, 1998 (the "Effective Date") and will end on December 31, 1998. Unless eitherparty gives the other at least ninety days prior written notice that it haselected not to extend the term of this Agreement beyond December 31, 1998, theterm of this Agreement will be automatically extended until December 31, 1999.Thereafter this Agreement will automatically be renewed for successiveadditional periods of one year, unless either party gives notice of cancellationon or before October 1 of any such year. 1.3 TERMINATION FOR CAUSE. In the event that either partymaterially or repeatedly defaults in the performance of any of its duties orobligations hereunder and does not substantially cure such default within thirtydays after being given written notice specifying the default, or, with respectto those defaults which cannot reasonably be cured within thirty days, if thedefaulting party fails to proceed promptly after being given such notice tocommence curing the default and thereafter to reasonably proceed to cure thesame, then the party not in default 2may, by giving written notice to the defaulting party, terminate this Agreementas of a date specified in such notice of termination. 2. PAYMENTS 2.1 FEES FOR CURRENT HPS CLIENTS. For each month during theterm of this Agreement, HPS will pay to SHPS an amount equal to (i) eighty-twoand one-half percent (82.5%) of the first 500,000 of Care Management Revenues(as defined below) during such month plus (ii) eighty percent (80%) of CareManagement Revenues during such month in excess of 500,000. HPS shall pay suchamount to SHPS within fifteen days following the end of the applicable month. Atthe time of payment HPS shall submit to SHPS a schedule for the month of paymentsetting forth the calculation of fees payable under this Section 2.1 and CareManagement Revenues by Client. 2.2 CALCULATION OF CARE MANAGEMENT REVENUES. "Care ManagementRevenues" means, with respect to any month during the term, the revenuescollected by HPS from Clients (or new Clients, as applicable) for the CareManagement Services. Monthly revenues for Care Management Services shall becalculated based on a per employee per month fee equal to: (i) the amount (as ofthe date of this Agreement) set forth in the applicable Client Agreement(including hourly medical case management fees); or (ii) if the Client Agreementdoes not include a per employee per month fee for Care Management Services,2.00 (this amount shall apply to all individual and small group business).Prospectively, for new Clients, SHPS and HPS shall agree to the rate HPS willoffer to such new Clients (including hourly medical case management fees). 2.3 ALLOCATION OF COSTS. SHPS shall pay to HPS its allocableportion (which portion shall approximate HPS direct costs chargeable to thebusiness function) of depreciation, information system services, rent andutilities for the use by SHPS of HPS facilities in connection with its deliveryof Care Management Services to the Clients. SHPS shall also reimburse HPS fordirect costs for postage and telecommunications incurred by HPS in connectionwith such use by SHPS of HPS facilities. For convenience, the partiesacknowledge that HPS will deduct amounts owed by SHPS under this Section 2.3from the fees described in Section 2.1 and reflect such deductions in theschedule prepared by HPS. 2.4 NEW CLIENTS. In the event that HPS (or one of itsaffiliates other than SHPS) enters into an agreement to provide Care ManagementServices with a client which is not a Client as of the date of this Agreement (a"New Client"), SHPS shall provide such Care Management Services to the NewClient in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. HPS will pay to SHPS allCare Management Revenues collected from such New Client, and SHPS will pay acommission to HPS equal to five percent (5%) of such amount received by SHPSfrom HPS pursuant to this Section 2.4. HPS shall pay such amount to SHPS withinfifteen days following the end of each month. At the time of payment HPS shallsubmit to SHPS a schedule for the month of payment setting forth the calculationof fees payable under this Section 2.4 and Care 2 3Management Revenues by New Client. For convenience, the parties acknowledge thatHPS will deduct amounts owed by SHPS under this Section 2.4 from the amountsowed by HPS under this Section 2.4 and reflect such deductions in the scheduleprepared by HPS. 2.5 REPORTS; AUDIT RIGHTS. For the purpose of determining thefees payable to SHPS under this Agreement, HPS shall preserve adequate recordsof Care Management Revenues by Client. SHPS shall have the right, uponreasonable prior written notice, to examine, copy and audit such records. Suchaudit shall be conducted at the location where such records are maintained andshall be at the expense of SHPS. Notwithstanding the foregoing, should any auditreveal that additional payments to SHPS are due which exceed five percent (5%)of the amount paid to SHPS for the period under audit, HPS shall pay SHPS ondemand for the cost of such audit. 3. INDEMNIFICATION. Each party agrees to defend, save and hold harmlessthe other from and against all suits and claims that may be based on any injuryto any person (including death) or to the property of any person or entityarising out of the operations of the indemnifying party or any willful act,negligence or omission of any of the indemnifying partys agents, servants oremployees, provided that the indemnified party shall give notice promptly inwriting of any suit or claim to the other party and that the indemnified partyand its agents, servants and employees shall cooperate fully with theindemnifying party and its counsel. The indemnifying party shall, at its owncost and expense, pay all charges of attorneys and all costs and other expensesarising therefrom or incurred in connection therewith, provided that it retainsthe right, at its own expense, to handle any action hereunder by employing itsown counsel. 4. MISCELLANEOUS 4.1 CONFIDENTIALITY. SHPS and HPS each agree that allinformation communicated to it by the other will be held in strict confidenceand will be used only for purposes of this Agreement, and that no suchinformation will be disclosed by the recipient party, its agents or employeeswithout the prior written consent of the other party. 4.2 BINDING NATURE AND ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall bebinding on the parties and their respective successors and assigns, but neitherparty may, or shall have the power to, assign this Agreement without the priorwritten consent of the other, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. 4.3 NOTICES. Wherever under this Agreement one party isrequired or permitted to give notice to the other, such notice shall be deemedgiven when delivered in hand, or when mailed by overnight delivery or UnitedStates mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid,and addressed as follows: 3 4 In the case of SHPS: Sykes HealthPlan Services, Inc. 11405 Bluegrass Parkway Louisville, Kentucky 40299 Attention: David E. Garner, President In the case of HPS: HealthPlan Services Corporation 3501 Frontage Road Tampa, Florida 33607 Attention: Philip S. Dingle, Chief Counsel 4.4 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in severalcounterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute the single agreementbetween the parties. 4.5 HEADINGS. The section headings used in this Agreement arefor reference and convenience only and shall not enter into the interpretationof this Agreement. 4.6 RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES. SHPS shall be and remain anindependent contractor with respect to the performance of its obligations underthis Agreement. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed toconstitute either of the parties a joint venturer or partner of the other. 4.7 APPROVALS AND SIMILAR ACTIONS. Where agreement, approval,acceptance, consent, or similar action by either party is required by anyprovision of this Agreement, such action shall not be unreasonably delayed orwithheld. 4.8 SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement isdeclared or found to be illegal, unenforceable, or void, then both parties shallbe relieved of all obligations arising under such provision, but only to theextent that such provision is illegal, unenforceable, or void. 4.9 WAIVER. No delay or omission by either party to exerciseany right or power in this Agreement shall impair such right or power or beconstrued to be a waiver of such right or power. A waiver by either of theparties shall not be construed to be a waiver of any succeeding breach or of anyother covenant contained in this Agreement. 4.10 AMENDMENTS. No amendment, change, waiver, or discharge ofthis Agreement shall be valid unless in writing and signed by an authorizedrepresentative of the party against which such amendment, change, waiver, ordischarge is sought to be enforced. 4 5 4.11 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement constitutes the entireagreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter of thisAgreement and there are no representations, understandings or agreementsrelating to this Agreement which are not fully expressed in this Agreement. 4.12 GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by andconstrued in accordance with the laws, other than choice of law rules, of thestate of Florida. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, SHPS and HPS each caused this Agreement to besigned and delivered by its duly authorized officer, all as of the date firstset forth above.SYKES HEALTHPLAN SERVICES, INC. HEALTHPLAN SERVICES, INC.By: By: ---------------------------- ----------------------------Name: Name: -------------------------- --------------------------Title: Title: ------------------------- ------------------------- 5