EXHIBIT 10.12 ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT This Endorsement Agreement is made and entered into this first (1st) day of January, 1996, by and between Teardrop Putter Corporation having its principal office at 207 WatersEdge, Shelter Cove, Hilton Head Island, South Carolina 29928 (hereinafter referred to as "TPC"), and Consolidated Artists Inc., Sommerville House, Phillips Street, St. Helier, Jersey JE1 1DE, Channel Islands, British Isles (hereinafter referred to as "Consolidated Artists"). WITNESSETH: WHEREAS, Brett Ogle (hereinafter referred to as "Ogle") is recognized and widely known throughout the world as an expert golfer; and WHEREAS, Ogles name, by virtue of his ability and extensive experience, hasacquired a secondary meaning in the mind of the purchasing public important tothe advertisement, promotion and sale of golf putters; and WHEREAS, TPC is engaged in the manufacture, distribution and sale of golfputters, and is desirous of acquiring the exclusive right to utilize Ogles namein connection with the advertisement, promotion and sale of the Teardrop Putter;and WHEREAS, Consolidated Artists holds all rights to and in Ogles name andendorsement for purposes of this Agreement; and WHEREAS, Consolidated Artists being exclusively entitled to such rightswithin the Contract Territory (as hereinafter defined) - 2 -has agreed to authorize such use upon the terms and conditions hereinaftercontained; NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and mutualcovenants herein set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, it isagreed as follows: 1. DEFINITIONS: As used herein, the terms set forth below shall bedefined as follows: (a) "Ogle Endorsement" shall mean the name, likeness, photograph, and endorsement of Ogle. (b) "Endorsed Product" shall mean a putter manufactured, distributed, promoted, advertised and sold by TPC bearing the "Teardrop Putter" name and/or logo. (c) "Contract Territory" shall mean the entire world. (d) "Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing January 1, 1996, and concluding December 31, 1998, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. (e) "Contract Year" shall mean that twelve (12)month period of time commencing each first (1st) day of January throughout the Contract Period. (f) "Major Tournament" shall mean any of the following tournaments: the Masters, the U.S. Open, the British Open and the PGA Championship. - 3 - (g) "PGA Tour Tournament" shall mean PGA Tour tournaments, excluding the Major Tournaments. (h) "International Tournament" shall mean European PGA Tour tournaments (excluding the British Open),Japan PGA Tour tournaments and Australian PGA Tour tournaments. 2. OGLE TO USE ENDORSED PRODUCT. Consolidated Artists agrees to causeOgle to use the Endorsed Product during the Contract Period and throughout theContract Territory whenever he is playing competitive golf or otherwiseparticipating in golf clinics and outings. 3. GRANT OF ENDORSEMENT RIGHTS. Subject to the terms and conditions setforth herein, Consolidated Artists grants to TPC the exclusive right andlicense, within the Contract Territory and during the Contract Period, to usethe Ogle Endorsement in connection with the manufacture, distribution,advertisement, promotion and sale of the Endorsed Product. 4. CLOTHING IDENTIFICATION. Consolidated Artists agrees to cause Ogle towear a patch and/or an embroidered non-patch bearing the Teardrop name and/orlogo on the right chest, left sleeve, and back of his golf shirt and/or sweater(near the collar) and/or rain gear whenever he is playing competitive golf,participating in golf clinics and outings or otherwise engaging in golfpromotional activities during the Contract Period and throughout the ContractTerritory. The expenses for the clothing and placement of the - 4 -patch and/or embroidered non-patch shall be borne by TPC. TPC agrees to supplyConsolidated Artists or its designee with adequate quantities of said patch andembroidered non-patch at no charge to Consolidated Artists. 5. RETENTION OF ENDORSEMENT RIGHTS. Subject to the provisions ofParagraphs 2, 3 and 4 above, TPC agrees that Consolidated Artists shall retainall rights in and to the Ogle Endorsement and shall not be prevented from usingor permitting or licensing others to use his name or endorsement in connectionwith the promotion, advertisement, or sale of any product or service other thana golf putter in the Contract Territory during the Contract Period. TPC furtheragrees that upon the termination of this Endorsement Agreement for any causewhatsoever, it will cease using the Ogle Endorsement, the name "Brett Ogle," orany facsimile thereof, for any promotional or advertising purposes; provided,however, that TPC shall have the right to use the Ogle Endorsement inadvertisements for ad space purchased by TPC prior to the termination of thisAgreement for a period of up to six (6) months following such termination. Inthis connection, TPC shall provide Consolidated Artists with a list of suchpreviously purchased ad space within seven (7) days of the effective date oftermination and all such advertisements released after the effective date oftermination shall be subject to Consolidated Artists prior approval pursuant tothe terms of Paragraph 7 below. - 5 - 6. PHOTOGRAPH SHOOTS; PERSONAL APPEARANCES. Consolidated Artists agrees, if requested by TPC, to make Ogle available for one (1) day on behalf of TPC in each Contract Year during the Contract Period at times and places mutually convenient to Ogle and TPC for the purpose of taking still photographs for the preparation and production of advertising and promotional materials. TPC agrees that such photograph shoots shall not exceed five (5) hours each in duration. Further, Consolidated Artists agrees, if requested by TPC, to make Ogle available for two (2) personal appearance days on behalf of TPC in each Contract Year during the Contract Period at times and places mutually convenient to Ogle and TPC. Such personal appearances shall be limited to one (1) day and shall not exceed five (5) hours each in duration. In addition, TPC agrees to pay all reasonable and necessary expenses (including first class travel, hotel accommodations and meal expenses) incurred by Consolidated Artists in connection with such photograph shoots and personal appearances. 7. PROMOTIONAL AND ADVERTISING MATERIALS. TPC agrees to provideConsolidated Artists and its representative, Advantage International Management,Inc. ("Advantage"), with a copy of all advertising and promotional materialswhich will use or show the Ogle Endorsement for their approval. Such promotionalor advertising materials shall be delivered to Advantage at least fourteen (14)days prior to their release to the general public, and TPC agrees that the sameshall not be released without the - 6 -prior written approval of Advantage. Advantage agrees that it will notunreasonably disapprove or reject promotional or advertising materialshereunder, and that Advantages failure to disapprove such materials withinfourteen (14) days of receipt shall be deemed to be approval. In addition, TPCagrees to provide Consolidated Artists with complimentary duplicates of allpromotional and/or advertising materials featuring Ogle or the Ogle Endorsement. 8. RETAINER FEE. In consideration of the rights and benefits granted toTPC hereunder, TPC agrees to pay Consolidated Artists on behalf of Ogle aretainer fee in each Contract Year during the Contract Period ("Retainer Fee")in accordance with the following schedule:CONTRACT YEAR RETAINER FEEFirst (1st) Contract Year Fifty-Five Thousand U.S.(Jan. 1, 1996-Dec. 31, 1996) Dollars (55,000)Second (2nd) Contract Year Seventy Thousand U.S.(Jan. 1, 1997-Dec. 31, 1997) Dollars (70,000)Third (3rd) Contract Year Ninety Thousand U.S.(Jan. 1, 1998-Dec. 31, 1998) Dollars (90,000)Said Retainer Fee shall be paid in four (4) equal installments on or before thefirst (1st) day of February, May, August and November in each Contract Year. 9. TOURNAMENT BONUSES. In addition to the Retainer Fee set forth inParagraph 8 above, TPC agrees to pay Consolidated Artists on behalf of Ogle thefollowing tournament bonuses for Ogles - 7 -tournament performances during the Contract Period (the "Tournament Bonus orBonuses"): (a) Sixty Thousand U.S. Dollars (60,000), each time Ogle wins a Major Tournament; and (b) Twenty Thousand U.S. Dollars (20,000), each time Ogle wins a network televised US PGA Tour Tournament; and (c) Ten Thousand U.S. Dollars (10,000) each time Ogle wins a cable televised US PGA Tour Tournament; and (d) Seven Thousand Five Hundred U.S. Dollars (7,500) each time Ogle wins a Golf Channel televised US PGA Tour Tournament or a Golf Channel televised International Tournament; and (e) Five Thousand U.S. Dollars (5,000) each time Ogle wins an International Tournament not televised by Golf Channel or a non-televised US PGA Tour Tournament.TPC shall pay any Tournament Bonuses due Consolidated Artists for a MajorTournament win within sixty (60) days following TPCs receipt of an invoice fromConsolidated Artists or Advantage and any Tournament Bonuses due ConsolidatedArtists for a network televised US PGA Tour Tournament win shall be paid withinforty-five (45) days following TPCs receipt of an invoice from ConsolidatedArtists or Advantage. All other Tournament Bonuses due to Consolidated Artistsshall be paid by TPC within thirty (30) days following TPCs receipt of aninvoice from Consolidated Artists or Advantage. - 8 - 10. MONEY LIST BONUS(ES). In addition to the Retainer Fee and theTournament Bonuses set forth in Paragraphs 8 and 9 above, TPC agrees to payConsolidated Artists on behalf of Ogle the following bonuses in each ContractYear for Ogles position on the Official Year-End PGA Tour Money List ("MoneyList Bonus(es)"): (a) Fifty Thousand U.S. Dollars (50,000) each time Ogle finishes in first (1st) place on the Official Year-End PGA Tour Money List; and (b) Twenty-Five Thousand U.S. Dollars (25,000) each time Ogle finishes between second (2nd) and tenth (10th) place on the Official Year-End PGA Tour Money List; and (c) Fifteen Thousand U.S. Dollars (15,000) each time Ogle finishes between eleventh (11th) and twentieth (20th) place on the Official Year-End PGA Tour Money List; and (d) Seven Thousand Five Hundred U.S. Dollars (7,500) each time Ogle finishes between twenty-first (21st) and thirtieth (30th) place on the Official Year-End PGA Tour Money List; and (e) Five Thousand U.S. Dollars (5,000) each time Ogle finishes between thirty-first (31st) and fortieth (40th) place on the Official Year-End PGA Tour Money List.TPC shall pay any Money List Bonuses due to Consolidated Artists within thirty(30) days following TPCs receipt of an invoice from Consolidated Artists orAdvantage. - 9 - 11. ROYALTY COMPENSATION FOR ENDORSED PRODUCT. In addition to the RetainerFee, Tournament Bonuses and Money List Bonuses set forth in Paragraphs 8, 9 and10 above, TPC agrees to pay Consolidated Artists on behalf of Ogle royaltycompensation of ten percent (10%) of the net sales of all Endorsed Productsdistributed or sold during the Contract Period in or to the Countries ofAustralia and New Zealand ("Royalty Compensation"). "Net sales" shall mean thegross invoice price billed to customers, less customary trade/quantitydiscounts, rebates and returns actually credited, but with no deductions of anykind. No costs incurred by TPC in the manufacture, advertisement, promotion orexploitation of any Endorsed Product shall be deducted as a cost in calculatingthe net sales. TPC agrees to guarantee to Consolidated Artists on behalf of Oglea minimum Royalty Compensation of Twenty Thousand U.S. Dollars (20,000) payablein four (4) equal installments of Five Thousand U.S. Dollars (5,000) and duesimultaneously with the Retainer Fee on or before the first (1st) day ofFebruary, May, August and November in each Contract Year. 12. PAYMENT OF ROYALTY COMPENSATION. Within thirty (30) days of theconclusion of each three (3) month period in each Contract Year during theContract Period, TPC agrees to deliver to Consolidated Artists and Advantage anitemized statement setting forth the actual number of all Endorsed Productsdistributed and sold during the preceding three (3) month period. Simultaneouswith the delivery of each statement setting forth such totals, TPC - 10 -agrees to pay Consolidated Artists the appropriate Royalty Compensation inexcess of the 5,000 quarterly payment set forth in Paragraph 10 above, due onthe sales of the Endorsed Product for the period covered by such statement. 13. ACCOUNTING FOR ROYALTY COMPENSATION. TPC agrees that it shall keepaccurate and complete books and records showing all Endorsed Productsmanufactured, distributed and sold. Consolidated Artists and Advantage, atConsolidated Artists expense, shall have the right during the Contract Periodand until two (2) years after the termination of this Agreement to inspect andmake copies of the books and records of TPC insofar as they relate to thecomputation of royalty payments due and owing to Consolidated Artists hereunder. 14. PAYMENTS TO CONSOLIDATED ARTISTS. All payments to be made toConsolidated Artists pursuant to the terms hereof shall be made by wire transferin U.S. Dollars to the following account: Account Name: Advantage International Escrow Fund Account : 20068160-13 ABA : 054001547 Bank Name: Franklin National Bank of Washington Address: 1722 Eye Street Washington, D.C. 20006 U.S.A. Re: Consolidated Artists 15. MINIMUM PLAY REQUIREMENT. TPC shall have the right to prorate the Retainer Fee due Consolidated Artists upon fourteen (14) days written notice to Consolidated Artists or Advantage in the event Ogle fails to play a minimum of seventeen (17) U.S. PGA - 11 -Tour Events and the British Open in each Contract Year during the ContractPeriod. 16. TIME OF THE ESSENCE. TPC acknowledges that time is of the essence in thepayment of all compensation due Consolidated Artists hereunder. For the purposesof this Agreement, all payments not received within thirty (30) days of the datedue shall be deemed "past due". Such past due payments shall bear interest at arate of two percent (2%) per month OR the maximum rate permissible by law,whichever is less. The imposition of interest provided for in this Paragraphshall be in addition to any other remedies available to Consolidated Artistsunder this Agreement or otherwise. Accordingly, Consolidated Artists shall notbe precluded from exercising any other remedies, whether at law or in equity, toenforce the terms of this Agreement. 17. SPECIAL RIGHT OF NEGOTIATION AND TERMINATION. If at any time during theContract Period Ogle determines that he no longer desires to use the EndorsedProduct Consolidated Artists shall so notify TPC in writing and the partiesshall meet and negotiate in good faith an amicable solution. Such discussionshall take place within fourteen (14) days of Consolidated Artists notice andshall include such issues as Ogles continued use of the Endorsed Product, thecontinued use of the Ogle Endorsement and the termination of this Agreement. Ifno solution is reached within fourteen (14) days of such negotiation, theparties agree that this Agreement shall automatically terminate and that TPCwill cease - 12 -using the Ogle Endorsement, the name "Brett Ogle," or any facsimile thereof, forany promotional or advertising purposes in accordance with the terms set forthin Paragraph 5 above. In addition, TPC agrees that Consolidated Artists shall beentitled to the Retainer Fee prorated to the effective date of termination aswell any Tournament Bonuses, Money List Bonuses and any Royalty Compensationearned by Consolidated Artists prior to the effective date of termination. 18. PRODUCTS FOR OGLES USE. During the Contract Period, TPC shall supplyConsolidated Artists, at no charge, with such quantities of the Endorsed Productas Consolidated Artists may reasonably request for Ogles use and the personaluse of Ogles immediate family. In addition, TPC shall supply ConsolidatedArtists at normal wholesale price with such quantities of the Endorsed Productas Ogle may reasonably request for gifts to others. 19. PROTECTING THE OGLE ENDORSEMENT. TPC and Consolidated Artists agree thatthey will take all necessary steps during the Contract Period and thereafter toprotect the Ogle Endorsement, the name "Brett Ogle" or any facsimile thereof inconnection with the advertisement, promotion, distribution and sale of theEndorsed Product. 20. TERM OF AGREEMENT. The term of this Agreement shall commence January 1,1996, and shall continue for a period of three (3) years, concluding December31, 1998. - 13 - 21. SPECIAL RIGHT OF TERMINATION BY CONSOLIDATED ARTISTS. ConsolidatedArtists shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) daysprior written notice to TPC in the event of the occurrence of any of thefollowing contingencies: (a) If TPC is adjudicated as insolvent, declares bankruptcy or fails to continue its business of selling the Endorsed Product; or (b) If TPC fails to make payment to Consolidated Artists of any sums due pursuant to this Agreement within thirty (30) days following the date such payment is due hereunder, provided that TPC is notified in writing of such nonpayment by Consolidated Artists or Advantage and such payment is not made within ten (10) days following such notification.TPC agrees that such termination shall not relieve it of its obligation to payConsolidated Artists all compensation contemplated hereunder. Accordingly,Consolidated Artists shall not waive any of its rights at law or in equity. 22. SPECIAL RIGHT OF TERMINATION BY TPC. TPC shall have the right toterminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior written notice toConsolidated Artists or Advantage in the event of the occurrence of any of thefollowing contingencies: (a) In the event of 0gles death during the Contract Period; or - 14 - (b) In the event Ogle is convicted of a felony involving moral turpitude.In the event of such termination above, the parties agree that the Retainer Feedue Consolidated Artists shall be prorated to the effective date of termination.Furthermore, TPC agrees that any Tournament Bonuses, Money List Bonuses and anyRoyalty Compensation earned by Ogle prior to the effective date of terminationshall be paid in full within thirty (30) days of such effective date oftermination. 23. INDEMNITY. TPC agrees to protect, indemnify and hold harmlessConsolidated Artists and Ogle from and against any and all expenses, damages,claims, suits, actions, judgments and costs whatsoever, including attorneysfees, arising out of, or in any way connected with, any claim or action whicharises from the use of the Endorsed Product, the use of the Ogle Endorsement, orthe performance of Consolidated Artists and Ogles obligations hereunder. 24. WAIVER. The failure of TPC or Consolidated Artists at any time or timesto demand strict performance by the other of any of the terms, covenants orconditions set forth herein shall not be construed as a continuing waiver orrelinquishment thereof and either may at any time demand strict and completeperformance by the other of said terms, covenants and conditions. 25. ASSIGNMENT. Neither TPC nor Consolidated Artists shall have any right togrant sublicenses hereunder or to otherwise - 15 -assign, transfer, alienate, encumber or hypothecate any of its rights orobligations hereunder without the express prior written consent of the otherparty, except that Consolidated Artists shall have the right to assign thefinancial benefits hereof and TPC hereby consents to such assignment. 26. NOTICES. All notices required hereunder shall be sent by telefax,overnight mail or first class mail, return receipt requested, as appropriate, tothe parties at the following addresses: TPC Mr. Fred A. Hochman President Teardrop Putter Corporation 207 WatersEdge, Shelter Cove Hilton Head Island, South Carolina 29928 Consolidated Consolidated Artists, Inc. Artists Sommerville House Phillips Street St. Helier Jersey JE1 1DE Channel Islands British Isles cc: Advantage International Management, Inc. 1751 Pinnacle Drive Suite 1500 McLean, Virginia 22102 Attention: Mr. Peter RoismanAdvantage and TPC shall promptly notify each other in writing of any change ofaddress. 27. EMPLOYER/EMPLOYEE RELATIONSHIP. Nothing contained in this Agreementshall be construed as establishing an employer/employee relationship between TPCand Consolidated Artists. Accordingly, there shall be no withholding for tax - 16 -purposes from any payments due hereunder to Consolidated Artists by TPC. 28. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed inaccordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia applicable to contractsentered into and wholly to be performed within the Commonwealth of Virginia and,in the event of any litigation arising out of this Agreement, venue shall be theCommonwealth of Virginia. Should Consolidated Artists be required to institutelitigation due to TPCs breach of any terms of this Agreement, all costs of suchlitigation, including reasonable attorneys fees, shall be borne by TPC. 29. SIGNIFICANCE OF HEADINGS. Paragraph headings contained hereunder aresolely for the purpose of aiding in speedy location of subject matter and arenot in any sense to be given weight in the construction of this Agreement.Accordingly, in case of any question with respect to the construction of thisAgreement, it is to be construed as though such paragraph headings had beenomitted. 30. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement constitutes the entire understandingbetween Consolidated Artists and TPC, and cannot be altered or modified exceptby an agreement in writing signed by both parties. Upon its execution, thisAgreement shall supersede all prior negotiations, understandings and agreements,whether oral or written, and such prior agreements shall thereupon be null andvoid and without further legal effect. - 17 - IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to beexecuted as of the date first above written. TEARDROP PUTTER CORPORATIONDate: 2-27-96 BY: /s/ Brian R. Hochman -------------------- -------------------------------- Brian R. Hochman President CONSOLIDATED ARTISTS, INC.Date: 10-4-96 By: /s/ M. M. Murray -------------------- -------------------------------- Its: Ass Secretary ------------------------------- GUARANTY I, the undersigned, Brett Ogle, do hereby acknowledge that I have read theforegoing Agreement between Teardrop Putter Corporation ("TPC") and ConsolidatedArtists, Inc. ("Consolidated Artists") and am aware of the terms thereof. Inthis connection, I agree that I will be bound by the terms and conditions ofsuch Agreement and that I will be entitled to the rights and benefits set forththerein, as fully as if I have been a party to such Agreement. Furthermore, inconsideration of the mutual covenants and conditions and as a materialinducement to TPC to enter into said Agreement with Consolidated Artists, I dohereby guarantee the performance of said Agreement by Consolidated Artists. Thisguaranty shall only be effective upon the execution of the Agreement byConsolidated Artists.DATE: 3/28/96 /s/ Brett Ogle -------------------- ----------------------------------- BRETT OGLE