1CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT HAS BEEN REQUESTED FOR CERTAIN REDACTED PROVISIONS OFTHIS AGREEMENT. THE REDACTED PROVISIONS ARE IDENTIFIED BY THREE ASTERISKS ANDENCLOSED BY BRACKETS. THE CONFIDENTIAL PORTION HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITHTHE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. EXHIBIT 10.22 MP3.com, Inc. P.O. BOX 910091 San Diego, CA 92191 (619) 558-9390 SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENTThis Sponsorship Agreement ("Agreement") is made an entered into on February 17,1999 ("Effective Date"), by and between Tickets.com, Inc., a Delawarecorporation, located at 4061 Glencoe Ave., Marina del Rey, CA 90292 ("Tickets")and MP3.com, Inc., having an address at P.O. Box 910091, San Diego, CA92191-0091 ("MP3.com"). MP3.com owns and operates the website located atwww.mp3.com (the "Website").1. Form of Sponsorship. During the term of this Agreement, Tickets shall beMP3.coms exclusive partner/source for sports, entertainment, and traveltickets, and MP3.com shall include a Tickets Portal on the "Music" page and the"Pop," "Rock" and "Alternative" genre pages on the Website. A "Portal" isdefined as a web graphic with the dimensions not to exceed 125 x 125 pixels and20Kb in size. The content of the Portal shall be supplied by Tickets and shallconform with reasonable technical and content specifications supplied byMP3.com.2. Impressions. MP3.com agrees to deliver a guaranteed minimum of 3,000,000Impressions per month for the term of this Agreement. An "Impression" is definedas the display of the Tickets Portal to a user on one of the above referencedpages.3. Sponsor Fees. Tickets agrees to pay MP3.com, during the term of thisAgreement, as follows: (i) [] payable on the Effective Date; (ii) []payable on or before one month subsequent to the Effective Date; (iii) []payable on or before two months subsequent to the Effective Date; (iv) []payable on or before three months subsequent to the Effective Date; (v) []payable on or before four months subsequent to the Effective Date; (vi) []payable on or before five months subsequent to the Effective Date. Any latepayments under this Agreement will be assessed a service fee of one and one-halfpercent (1.5%) per month, to the extent allowed by law.4. Term and Termination. This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date andshall remain in full force and effect until one (1) year subsequent to theEffective Date, provided however, that Tickets may terminate this Agreement forany reason upon thirty (30) days notice to MP3. com at any time prior to theexpiration of sixty (60) days subsequent to the Effective Date. Furthermore, fora thirty (30) day period, beginning thirty (30) days prior to the firstanniversary of this Agreement, Tickets shall have the right to renew theAgreement for another year with Sponsor Fees that do not exceed a [] percentincrease over the existing Sponsor Fees. Any payments which have accrued priorto the date of termination shall remain due and payable. Sections 6, 7, and 8shall survive termination of this agreement.5. Measurement. Upon request, Tickets shall have access to pertinent statisticsrelated to Impressions covering the period of this contract. Tickets agrees toaccept MP3.coms measurement of Impressions (the "Count") according to MP3.comslogs and other tracking devices and/or software MP3.com may use, providedhowever, that Tickets shall have the right to audit MP3.coms records in thisregard. If Tickets reasonably disputes the Count pursuant to this Agreement,then Tickets shall have the right to select the independent auditor of itschoice to conduct an audit of MP3.coms records (the "Audit"). The Audit will beconducted in such a way so as not to interfere to any material extent withMP3.coms operations. If, for any applicable period, the independent auditordetermines that MP3.com overstated the Count by more than five percent (5%),than MP3.com shall pay the cost of the Audit and shall refund Tickets thedifference between the amount originally paid and the amount which should havebeen paid, or MP3.com shall credit the appropriate amount of Impressions toTickets account.[] Confidential treatment has been requested for redacted portion. Theconfidential redacted portion has been omitted and filed separately with theSecurities and Exchange Commission. 26. Representations and Warranties. Each party is solely responsible for anylegal liability arising out of or relating to the content of its site and anymaterial to which users can link through the sites. Each party represents andwarrants that its sites will not: (i) infringe upon any third partys copyright,patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights ofpublicity or privacy; (ii) violate any law, statue, ordinance or regulation,including without limitation any laws regarding unfair competition,antidiscrimination or false advertising; (iii) be pornographic or obscene; (iv)be defamatory or trade libelous; or (v) contain viruses other harmfulprogramming routines. Each party agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmlessthe other and its shareholders, directors, officers, agents and employees forany and all losses, costs, liabilities or expenses (including without limitationreasonable attorneys and expert witnesses fees) incurred or arising from: (a)any breach of the foregoing representations or warranties; (b) any claim arisingfrom the sale or license of either partys goods or services; or (c) any otheract, omission or representation by either party. Either party may participate inthe defense of itself at its option and expense.7. No Consequential Damages. Except for claims arising under section 6, in noevent will either party be liable for any special, indirect, incidental orconsequential damages.8. Miscellaneous. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed inaccordance with the laws of the State of California without reference toconflict of law principles thereof. Any claim arising out of or related to thisAgreement must be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts located inSan Diego County, California, and each party hereby consent to the jurisdictionthereof. In any action to enforce this Agreement the prevailing party will beentitled to costs and attorneys fees. This Agreement constitutes the entireagreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof andsupersedes all prior discussions, documents, agreements and prior course ofdealing, and shall not be effective until signed by both parties. This Agreementmay not be assigned by Tickets without MP3.coms written consent, which shall bepromptly granted or denied and not unreasonably withheld, except that Ticketsmay assign this Agreement without MP3.coms consent if another entity acquiressubstantially all the assets of Tickets. The parties to this Agreement areindependent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture oremployee-employer relationship is created by this Agreement. MP3.com intends to,and does, bind its successors and assigns to the terms of this Agreement./s/ Greg Flores /s/ Adam Epstein- ----------------------------------- -----------------------------------Representative of MP3.com Representative of Tickets.com, Inc./s/ Greg Flores, VP Sales Adam Epstein, SVP Counsel- ----------------------------------- -----------------------------------Printed Name Position Printed Name Position- ----------------------------------- -----------------------------------Date Date