Exhibits 10.9SERVICES AGREEMENTThis SERVICES AGREEMENT is entered into on, and effective as of, August __, 2019 (the“Effective Date”) among TransMontaigne Management Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company(“EmployeeCo”) and TLP Management Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “OperatingCompany”). The above-named entities are sometimes referred to in this Agreement (as defined herein) each as a“Party” and collectively as the “Parties.”WHEREAS, EmployeeCo employs certain individuals (the “Services Employees”) who providemanagement, operational and administrative services as necessary to operate the business of the OperatingCompany and its affiliates (the “Services”).NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants, conditions, andagreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of whichare hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto hereby agree as follows:ARTICLE IServices1.1 Provision of Services. EmployeeCo agrees to provide to the Operating Company and its affiliates theServices and such other services as may be determined by the Parties from time to time.1.2 Reimbursement and Allocation. The Operating Company shall reimburse EmployeeCo for all direct orindirect costs and expenses incurred by EmployeeCo in connection with performing its obligations under thisAgreement including, but not limited to:(a) salaries of the Services Employees;(b) the cost of employee benefits for the Services Employees, including 401(k), pension, bonusesand health insurance benefits (whether through insurance policies provided by third-parties or self-insurance);(c) costs associated with workers’ compensation claims and other disputes or liabilities associatedwith the Services Employees;(d) severance costs with respect to any terminated Services Employees; and(e) all sales, use, employment, excise, value added or similar taxes, if any, that may be applicablefrom time to time with respect to the Services.Such reimbursements shall be made by the Operating Company to EmployeeCo in advance or immediatelyupon such costs being incurred, or otherwise in accordance with historical practice, unless otherwise agreedbetween the Operating Company and EmployeeCo.11.3 Additional Fee. As an additional fee, the Operating Company shall also pay to EmployeeCo an amountequal to 1% of the amount of all reimbursements made under Section 1.2, payable at the same time as suchreimbursements, unless otherwise agreed between the Operating Company and EmployeeCo.1.4 Settlement of Obligations. The Parties may settle their financial obligations under this AgreementPursuant to the Parties’ normal inter-affiliate settlement processes.ARTICLE IIMiscellaneous2.1 Choice of Law; Submission to Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be subject to and governed by thelaws of the State of Colorado, excluding any conflicts-of-law rule or principle that might refer the construction orinterpretation of this Agreement to the laws of another state. Each Party hereby submits to the jurisdiction of thestate and federal courts in the State of Colorado and to venue in Denver, Colorado.2.2 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties relating to the matterscontained herein, superseding all prior contracts or agreements, whether oral or written, relating to the matterscontained herein.2.3 Termination of Agreement. This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by the Parties. ThisAgreement may be terminated by (a) the written agreement of the Parties or (b) by either Party upon 5 days writtennotice to the other Party. All payment obligations hereunder shall survive the termination of this Agreement inaccordance with their respective terms.2.4 Amendment or Modification. This Agreement may be amended or modified from time to time only bythe written agreement of all the Parties hereto. Each such instrument shall be reduced to writing and shall bedesignated on its face an “Amendment” or an “Addendum” to this Agreement.2.5 Assignment. No Party shall have the right to assign its rights or obligations under this Agreementwithout the consent of the other Parties hereto; provided, however, that either party hereto may make a collateralassignment of this Agreement solely to secure working capital financing for such party.2.6 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts with the same effect asif all signatory parties had signed the same document. All counterparts shall be construed together and shallconstitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement by facsimiletransmission or in portable document format (.pdf) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterparthereof.2.7 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable by a court orregulatory body of competent jurisdiction, the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.22.8 Further Assurances. In connection with this Agreement and all transactions contemplated by thisAgreement, each signatory party hereto agrees to execute and deliver such additional documents and instrumentsand to perform such additional acts as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate, carry out and perform all ofthe terms, provisions and conditions of this Agreement and all such transactions.[Signature Page Follows]3IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on, and effective as of, thedate first written above.TRANSMONTAIGNE MANAGEMENTCOMPANY, LLCBy:/s/ Daniel R. ReversName: Daniel R. ReversTitle:PresidentTLP MANAGEMENT SERVICES, LLCBy:/s/ Michael A. HammellName: Michael A. HammellTitle:EVP, General Counsel