OUTSOURCING AGREEMENTBY AND BETWEENTRI CITY NATIONAL BANKandMARSHALL ILSLEY CORPORATIONacting through its divisionMI DATA SERVICESDATED AS OF February 16, 1998TABLE OF CONTENTS. DEFINITIONS 1.1 Background 1.2 Definitions 1.3 References 1.4 Interpretation 2. TERM 2.1 Initial Term 2.2 Extensions 3. APPOINTMENT 3.1 Performance by MI Affiliates 3.2 Third Party Services 3.3 Proper Instructions 4. CONVERSION 4.1 Banking Applications 4.2 Development of Conversion Plan 4.3 Conversion Resources 4.4 Conversion Milestones 5. OUTSOURCING OF TRUST SERVICES 6. BANKING APPLICATIONS 6.1 Services to be Rendered 6.2 Banking Application Processing 6.3 Corporate Support Services 6.4 Item Processing Services 6.5 Automated Clearing House Services 6.6 Home Banking and Internet Services 6.7 Retail Delivery Systems 6.8 Visa Check/MasterMoney Card Services 6.9 EFT Services 7. FACILITIES MANAGEMENT 8. FEES 8.1 Fee Structure 8.2 Conversion 8.3 Pricing and Operational Assumptions 8.4 Banking Applications Services 8.5 Corporate Support Services 8.6 Item Processing Services 8.7 Management Services 8.8 Visa Check/MasterMoney Card Services 8.9 EFT Services 8.10 Training and Education 8.11 Excluded Costs 8.12 Disputed Amounts 8.13 Terms of Payment 8.14 Modification of Terms and Pricing 9. PERFORMANCE STANDARDS 9.1 General 9.2 Banking Applications 10. MODIFICATION OR TERMINATION OF SERVICES 10.1 Modifications to Services 10.2 Partial Termination by MI 10.3 Partial Termination by Customer 10.4 Development of Custom Software 11. TERMINATION 11.1 For Convenience 11.2 For Cause 11.3 Following Change in Control of Customer 11.4 Termination Assistance 12. EVENTS OF DEFAULT; REMEDIES 12.1 By MI 12.2 By Customer 12.3 Remedies 13. DAMAGES 13.1 Direct Damages 13.2 No Consequential Damages 13.3 Equitable Relief 13.4 Limitation of Liability 13.5 Liquidated Damages 14. INSURANCE AND INDEMNITY 14.1 Insurance 14.2 Indemnity 14.3 Indemnification Procedures 15. DISPUTE RESOLUTION 15.1 Representatives of Parties 15.2 Continuity of Performance 16. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 16.1 By MI 16.2 By Customer 17. CONFIDENTIALITY AND OWNERSHIP 17.1 Customer Data 17.2 MI Systems 17.3 Confidential Information 17.4 Obligations of the Parties 17.5 Security 18. MANAGEMENT OF PROJECT 18.1 Account Representatives 18.2 Change Control Procedures 18.3 Reporting and Meetings 18.4 Development Projects and Technical Support 19. REGULATORY COMPLIANCE 20. DISASTER RECOVERY 20.1 Disaster Recovery Plan 20.2 Relocation 20.3 Resumption of Services 20.4 Annual Test 21. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 21.1 Force Majeure 21.2 Transmission of Data 21.3 Equipment and Network 21.4 Reliance on Data 21.5 Data Backup 21.6 Balancing and Controls 21.7 Use of Services 21.8 Regulatory Assurances 21.9 IRS Filing 21.10 Affiliates 21.11 Future Acquisitions 22. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 22.1 Governing Law 22.2 Venue and Jurisdiction 22.3 Entire Agreement; Amendments 22.4 Assignment 22.5 Relationship of Parties 22.6 Notices 22.7 Headings 22.8 Counterparts 22.9 Waiver 22.10 Severability 22.11 Attorneys Fees and Costs 22.12 Financial Statements 22.13 Publicity 22.14 Solicitation 22.15 No Third Party Beneficiaries 22.16 Construction 23. SOURCE CODE 23.1 Escrow 23.2 Copy of Source Code 23.3 Cost of Escrow 23.4 Customers Right to Obtain the Source Code 23.5 Use of Source Code Schedules4.2 Conversion Plan6.2 Banking Application Services8.1 Fee ScheduleExhibitsA RDS AgreementB ACH Authorization AgreementC Attorney-in-Fact AppointmentD AffidavitOUTSOURCING AGREEMENT This Outsourcing Agreement ("Agreement") is made as of the 16th day ofFebruary, 1998, by and between Tri City National Bank, a Wisconsincorporation (including its Affiliates, "Customer") and Marshall IlsleyCorporation, a Wisconsin corporation, acting through its division, MI DataServices ("MI"). In consideration of the payments to be made and services to beperformed hereunder, the parties agree as follows:1. DEFINITIONS1.1 Background. This Agreement is being made and entered into with reference to thefollowing facts:A. Customer provides, through its Information Systems Department, systemsdevelopment and operations, data processing, telecommunications and otherinformation technology services for itself, and on behalf of its customers.B. MI, through its divisions, subsidiaries and Affiliates, is a providerof data processing, systems development and operations, corporate supportand item processing, home banking, internet banking, retail deliveryservices, trust data processing, and other services. MI desires toperform for Customer the outsourcing services described in this Agreement.C. In reliance on its own independent analysis, and after carefulevaluation of MIs proposal and other alternatives, Customer has selectedMI to provide the Services (as defined in Section 1.2) to Customer. ThisAgreement documents the terms and conditions under which Customer agrees topurchase and MI agrees to provide the Services.1.2 Definitions. The following terms shall have the meaning ascribed to them in thisSection 1.2:A. "Affiliate" shall mean, with respect to a party, any entity at anytime Controlling, Controlled by or under common Control with, such party.B. "Bank" shall mean each of the subsidiary financial institutions ofCustomer.C. "Change in Control" shall mean any event or series of events by which(i) any person or entity or group of persons or entities shall acquireControl of another person or entity or (ii) in the case of a corporation,during any period of 12 consecutive months commencing before or after thedate hereof, individuals who at the beginning of such 12-month period weredirectors of such corporation shall cease for any reason to constitute amajority of the board of directors of such corporation.D. "Commencement Date" shall mean the date on which Conversion for allBanks has been completed. The parties anticipate the Commencement Date tobe November 16, 1998.E. "Contract Year" shall mean a period commencing on the first day of themonth in which the Commencement Date occurs (and each anniversary thereof)and terminating on the last date of the month occurring one (1) yearthereafter.F. "Control" shall mean the direct or indirect ownership of over 50% ofthe capital stock (or other ownership interest, if not a corporation) ofany entity or the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power todirect the management and policies of such entity by ownership of votingsecurities, by contract or otherwise. "Controlling" shall mean havingControl of any entity and "Controlled" shall mean being the subject ofControl by another entity.G. "Conversion" shall mean (i) the migration of Customers dataprocessing and other information technology services to the MI system;(ii) completion of upgrades of other software modifications as set forth inthis Agreement; and (iii) completion of all interfaces set forth in thisAgreement and full integration thereof such that Customer is able toreceive the Services in accordance with the criteria set forth in theConversion Plan (as defined in Section 4.2 below).H. "Conversion Date" for a particular Bank shall mean the date on whichMI has completed the Conversion for the processing of the Services.I. "Conversion Period" for a particular Bank shall mean that portion ofthe Term beginning on the Effective Date and ending on the Conversion Date.J. "Core Services" shall mean services provided by MIs Deposit System,Loan System and Customer Information System.K. "Damages" shall mean all direct, actual and verifiable losses,liabilities, damages and claims and related costs and expenses (includingreasonable attorneys fees and court costs, costs of investigation,litigation, settlement, judgment, interest and penalties) but excluding anyand all consequential, incidental, punitive and exemplary damages. L. "Effective Date" shall mean February 16, 1998.M. "Effective Date of Termination" shall mean the last day on which MIprovides the Services to Customer (excluding any Termination Assistance)following delivery of a notice of termination.N. "Estimated Remaining Value" shall mean the number of calendar monthsremaining between the Effective Date of Termination and the last day of theTerm, multiplied by the greater of (a) the Monthly Base Fee (as defined inSection 8.1 below) plus any other minimum monthly fee set forth in the FeeSchedule; and (b) the average monthly Fees payable by Customer during thethree-month period prior to the event giving rise to termination rightsunder this Agreement.O. "Expenses" shall mean any and all direct, pass through expensesincurred by MI for any equipment, personnel, postage, supplies, materials,travel, lodging or services of any kind provided to or for Customer underthis Agreement; provided that Customer shall not be charged travel andliving expenses for MI employees traveling to and from any site withinMilwaukee, Waukesha, Ozaukee and Racine Counties in Wisconsin, inconnection with providing any services or training to Customer. P. "Initial Services" shall mean those Services requested byCustomer from MI under this Agreement as of the Effective Date.Q. "Millennium Compliant" shall mean the compliance of the Services withthe guidelines established by the Federal Financial InstitutionsExamination Council ("FFIEC") issued in May, 1997 and any subsequentguidelines issued by the FFIEC or the Federal Regulators (as defined inSection 21.8(A)) in connection with the identification and renovation ofissues relating to the data processing of the year 2000.R. "Network" shall mean the data communication lines and relatedsoftware, data circuits, cabling and equipment which MI is to install,manage or operate in accordance with the Systems Integration Agreement.S. "Operations Center" shall mean the datacenter used by MI o providesome of the Services under this Agreement.T. "Performance Standards" shall mean those service levels set forth inArticle 9.U. "Proper Instructions" shall mean the manner in which Customer shallprovide instructions to MI, as set forth in Section 3.3 below.V. "Services" shall mean the services, functions and responsibilitiesdescribed in this Agreement to be performed by MI during the Termfollowing each Conversion Date.W. "Taxes" shall mean any manufacturers, sales, use, gross receipts,excise, personal property or similar tax or duty assessed by anygovernmental or quasi-governmental authority upon or as a result of theexecution or performance of any service pursuant to this Agreement ormaterials furnished with respect to this Agreement, except any income,franchise, privilege or like tax on or measured by MIs net income,capital stock or net worth.X. "Term" shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date andterminating on the eighth anniversary of the Commencement Date, unless theAgreement is extended in accordance with its provisions.Y. "User Manuals" shall mean the documentation provided by MI toCustomer which describes the features and functionalities of each of theAccounts DP Services (defined in Section 6.2 below), as modified andupdated by the customer bulletins distributed by MI from time to time.1.3 References. In this Agreement and the schedules and exhibits attachedhereto, which are hereby incorporated and deemed a part of this Agreement,references and mention of the word "include" and "including" shall mean"includes, without limitation" and "including, without limitation", asapplicable.1.4 Interpretation. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement andthe terms of any exhibits and schedules attached hereto, the terms of theschedules and exhibits shall prevail and control the interpretation of theAgreement and the exhibits and schedules as a single document.2. TERM2.1 Initial Term. The initial term of this Agreement shall be the Term,unless extended or earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement.2.2 Extensions. Unless this Agreement has been earlier terminated, atleast eighteen (18) months prior to the expiration of the Term, MI shallsubmit to Customer a written proposal for renewal of this Agreement. Customer will respond to such proposal within six (6) months followingreceipt and inform MI in writing whether or not Customer desires to renewthis Agreement. If MI and Customer are unable to agree upon the terms forrenewal of this Agreement at least six (6) months prior to the expirationof the Term, then Customer may, at its option, renew this Agreement for one(1) twelve month period at the then-current terms and conditions of thisAgreement. Customer shall exercise its option, if at all, by deliveringwritten notice to MI at least five (5) months prior to expiration of theTerm.3. APPOINTMENT 3.1 Performance by MI Affiliates. Customer understands and agrees thatMarshall Ilsley Corporation is a bank holding company and that the actualperformance of the Services may be made by the divisions, subsidiariesand/or Affiliates of Marshall Ilsley Corporation. For purposes of thisAgreement, performance of the Services by any division, subsidiary orAffiliate of Marshall Ilsley Corporation shall be deemed performance byMarshall Ilsley Corporation itself. 3.2 Third Party Services. The parties acknowledge that certain servicesand information necessary for the performance of the Services may beprovided by third parties. MI agrees that the performance and warrantiescontained in this Agreement shall apply to the Initial Services even if thesame are to be performed by third parties. Except as specifically statedin this Section 3.2, MI shall have no liability to Customer forinformation supplied by, or services performed by, third parties inconjunction with the Services.3.3 Proper Instructions.A. MI shall be deemed to have received "Proper Instructions" uponreceipt of written or oral instructions which MI believes in good faith tobe signed or given by any person(s) whose name(s) and signature(s) arelisted on the most recent certificate delivered by Customer to MI whichlists those persons authorized to give orders, corrections and instructionsin the name of and on behalf of Customer.B. Proper Instructions shall specify the action requested to be taken oromitted. Proper Instructions shall include instructions sent to MI or itsagent(s) by letter, memorandum, telegram, cable, telex, telecopy facsimile,video (CRT) terminal or other "on-line" system, or similar means ofcommunication, or given orally over the telephone or in person by a personauthorized by Customer pursuant to Section 3.4(A) to provide ProperInstructions. Proper Instructions shall include any file transmissionreceived by MI from Customer, or any agent of Customer who is thereofauthorized in writing.4. CONVERSION4.1 Banking Applications. The parties agree to use their best efforts toperform the Conversion of all Banks to MIs service bureau system on orbefore November 16, 1998.4.2 Development of Conversion Plan. MI has, in consultation withCustomer, begun developing a detailed, customized plan for the Conversion(the "Conversion Plan"). The Conversion Plan includes (i) a description ofthe tasks to be performed for the Conversion; (ii) allocation ofresponsibility for each of such tasks; and (iii) the schedule on which eachtask is to be performed. The Conversion project leaders for each partyshall regularly communicate on the progress of the Conversion, thefeasibility of the Conversion Dates specified in the Conversion Plan, andsuch other matters which may affect the smooth transition of the Services. Customer agrees to maintain an adequate staff of persons who areknowledgeable with the systems currently used by Customer. Customerfurther agrees to provide such services and to perform such obligations asare specified as Customers responsibility in the Conversion Plan and asnecessary for Customer to timely and adequately meet the scheduled datesset forth therein. Customer also agrees to cooperate fully with allreasonable requests of MI made necessary to effect the Conversion in atimely and efficient manner. The Conversion Plan (as it exists on the dateof this Agreement and as it may be amended from time to time by the mutualagreement of the parties) is attached hereto as Schedule 4.2. Customeragrees to pay MI for the costs of the Conversion in accordance with theprovisions of Section 8.1.4.3 Conversion Resources. MI and Customer will provide a team ofqualified experts to assist in the conversion effort. The team and theirresponsibilities are outlined below.A. MI Relationship Manager. This individual shall be responsible forthe overall implementation of all aspects of the Conversion and shall bethe key liaison between Customer and MI.B. Conversion Project Manager. MI will provide a team to the Conversioneffort. The team members and their responsibilities are defined asfollows:Conversion Project Manager - Will have the responsibility andaccountability for the Bank Conversion as assigned. The project managerwill direct the effort of the Conversion team. He/she will be responsiblefor managing the goals and will provide assessment of project risks.Product Consultant - Will direct the efforts of the product team assignedby MI. Areas the product consultant is responsible for include: datamapping and conversion, development efforts, education and training, andthird party integration activities.Technical Consultant - The technical consultant assigned manages thenetwork implementation, the operational set-up at MI, coordination of thedata from the existing processors, conversion programmer developmentactivities, and connectivity to third party processors.Conversion Programmers and Representative - This team of conversionprofessionals will work with Customer on the mapping of the data to beconverted, development of program specifications and the programdevelopment. This team will assist in building the processing parameters,and provide assistance to Customer through the week of Conversion. The Conversion will be supported by the development staff, the networkplanner and implementation team, the branch automation team, and otherresources within MI that has responsibility for components of the solutionto be delivered to Customer.C. Customer. Customer shall provide a Conversion team to complement theefforts of the MI Conversion team, and to provide some consistency anddirection. The recommended team structure would be as follows.Conversion Project Coordinator - The coordinator would have responsibilityfor the overall Conversion process and the management of the Conversionteam. He/she would work to ensure that the people are given properdirection, and that all Conversion events are executed to meet theestablished goals, and to maintain consistency among the project teams.Conversion Project Manager - A project manager would be assigned tocomplement the MI conversion project manager. The project manager wouldhave a team assembled to work on the Conversion. The Project manager wouldassist in ensuring that the tasks on the project plan are executed and thatthe project remains on schedule. He/she would work with the MI conversionmanager to do risk assessment and evaluate overall project status.Conversion Representatives - Core teams of Conversion representatives shallbe assigned to assist in establishing consistency in approach andexecution. These teams would work closely with the MI Conversion team. Primary areas of responsibility include: procedure development andadherence to the procedure, assist in evaluating the readiness of theconverting institution, assist in the data mapping and test report reviewexercise, and work with the MI Conversion team during the Conversionweek.It is recommended that dedicated conversion representatives be establishedto support the following applications: Deposits, Loans, General Ledger,CIS, and Branch Automation.Conversion Trainers - The core group of trainers will be dedicated to theConversion and shall be responsible for development and execution of thetraining curriculum to Customers staff. This group will be trained by MIusing the train-the-trainer approach.Bank Balancers - A core group of Customers staff would be trained onbalancing the MI applications. This group, in conjunction with MI, wouldassist in providing support during Conversion.4.4 Conversion Milestones. During the conversion process for each of theBanks, MI will analyze Customers products, the setup of bank control,analyze and verify Customers test data, analyze Customers training needsand perform workflow analysis. During the next phase, Customer shallverify the converted test data and identify any changes to the Conversionprograms. A review ("Readiness Review") will then be performed as a dressrehearsal to ensure that MI and Customer are prepared to Convert. MI andCustomer shall mutually agree to and sign off on the Readiness Reviewassuring the Bank is prepared to Convert to the Services. Thestabilization phase takes place approximately three (3) to four (4) weeksprior to Conversion, during which time software programs, bank control andinterface tables are completed and stabilized. Changes, if any, aremanaged and require approval of both MI and Customer. Finally, theConversion phase includes the Conversion weekend and Conversion weeksupport. The MI Project Team manages the Conversion weekend, working withCustomers existing processors to meet targeted deadlines. During theConversion week, MI will provide support on site for Customer. On a dailybasis, MI and Customer will have status update meetings to understandlevels of self sufficiency and areas requiring attention.5. OUTSOURCING OF TRUST SERVICES INTENTIONALLY OMITTED6. BANKING APPLICATIONS6.1 Services to be Rendered. MI agrees to provide Customer with theservices set forth in this Article.6.2 Banking Application Processing. MI agrees to provide Customer withthe accounts data processing services ("Accounts DP Services") set forth inattached Schedule 6.2, in accordance with the User Manuals. Schedule 6.2identifies certain Services which are included in the Monthly Base Fee (asdescribed in Section 8.2 below) as well as those Services to be charged toCustomer based on the actual usage of resources.6.3 Corporate Support Services. INTENTIONALLY OMITTED6.4 Item Processing Services. INTENTIONALLY OMITTED6.5 Automated Clearing House Services. The following terms and conditionsshall apply to the provision of ACH Services:A. Definitions. The following terms, as referenced from the NACHA Rules,shall have the following meanings for the purposes of the Agreement:1. "Applicable Law" means the NACHA Rules, the rules of local ACHAssociations, the rules of any and all ACH Operators, and other applicablelaw.2. "Automated Clearing House Operator" or "ACH Operator" means thecentral clearing facility, operated by a Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) or aprivate organization, which receives entries from the ODFI or the thirdparty processor acting as an agent for the ODFI, and distributes entries tothe appropriate RDFI or the third party processor acting as an agent forthe RDFI, and performs the settlement functions for the affected financialinstitutions.3. "Originating Depository Financial Institution" or "ODFI" means theinstitution that receives the payment instructions from the Originators andforwards the entries to the ACH Operator.4. "Originator" means a person that has authorized an ODFI to transmit acredit or debit entry to the deposit account of an RDFI.5. "Receiving Depository Financial Institution" means the institutionthat receives ACH entries from the ACH Operator and posts them to theaccounts of its depositors.B. General. Customer hereby authorizes MI to initiate and receiveautomated clearing house ("ACH") debit entries, adjustments to debitentries and credit entries to Customers account indicated below, to creditand/or debit the same to such account, and to provide various ACH services,as described below, to Customer pursuant to the terms and conditionsspecified herein. The ACH entries covered shall hereinafter be referred toas the "ACH Entries." Except as otherwise provided herein, the terms usedin this Section 6.5 shall have the same meanings as ascribed to such termsin the Operating Rules of the National Automated Clearing HouseAssociation, as in effect from time to time (the "NACHA Rules").C. ACH Services.1. MI shall act as Customers agent for initiating and transmitting ACHEntries to the appropriate ACH Operator. In addition, MI shall act asCustomers agent for receiving ACH Entries from an ACH Operator. For allACH Entries initiated by MI pursuant to this Agreement, Customer, and notMI, shall be the ODFI when MI receives payment instructions directed toCustomers routing number from an Originator, or the RDFI when MI receivesACH Entries directed to Customers routing number from an ACH Operator.2. MI shall transmit ACH Entries in accordance with the formatrequirements of the NACHA Rules to an ACH Operator using Customers RoutingNumber. MI shall receive ACH Entries on behalf of Customer that aretransmitted to MI by an ACH Operator. MI shall provide reports toCustomer, as described in the MI ACH Manual (the "Service Manual"). Ifagreed to between Customer and MI, MI shall provide for the posting ofACH Entries to Customer deposit accounts.3. All warranties of an ODFI or RDFI prescribed under Applicable Lawshall be in effect and applicable to Customer, and not MI, with respect toall ACH Entries.4. MI may provide additional ACH services as requested by Customer andagreed to by MI in writing.D. MI PC ACH Services. Customer may provide its business depositorswith access to MIs ACH Services as provided in MIs PC ACH User Manual(the "PC ACH Service"). Customer shall be responsible for informing MIprior to permitting a new depositor to begin using the PC ACH Service. Customer also shall inform MI whether any credit limit shall apply to theACH Entries of a depositor utilizing the PC ACH Service.E. Customer Depositor Inquiries; Erroneous or Rejected ACH Entries.1. Customer shall be responsible for handling all inquiries of itsdepositors regarding ACH Entries, including but not limited to inquiriesregarding credits or debits to a depositors account resulting from an ACHEntry. MI agrees to reasonably assist Customer in responding to suchinquiries by providing information to Customer concerning ACH Entries.2. As described in the Service Manual, MI shall provide reports toCustomer showing errors and rejections resulting from ACH Entriestransmitted on behalf of Customer during a particular day. It shall beCustomers responsibility to research and correct such ACH Entries.F. Credit Limits.1. Customer may from time to time establish one or more credit limitsapplicable to ACH Entries involving a particular depositor or alldepositors of Customer. Such credit limits may be established by writtennotice from Customer and shall be implemented by MI as soon as reasonablypracticable. 2. In the event that an ACH Entry exceeds a credit limit establishedpursuant to this Section 6(F), MI shall promptly give oral or writtennotice to Customer. Customer may either approve the ACH Entry as anexception to the credit limit, request that it be held over to the nextday, or reject such ACH Entry provided, however, that any exception to thecredit limit must be approved in writing by Customer.G. Service Manuals; PC ACH User Manual. 1. MI shall provide Customer with copies of MIs current Service Manualand PC ACH User Manual and any updates to such manuals. Customer agrees tocomply with the requirements of such manuals.2. It shall be Customers responsibility, and Customer is authorized, toforward a copy of the PC ACH User Manual, and any updates to the PC ACHUser Manual, to Customers depositors that utilize the PC ACH Service.H. Compliance With Applicable Law.1. Each party shall be bound by, and comply with, Applicable Law. Neither party shall have any responsibility for the others compliance withApplicable Law, nor any liability to any person for the others failure tocomply with Applicable Law. Each party shall indemnify the other and holdit harmless from any and all liabilities, claims, costs, expenses anddamages of any nature (including but not limited to reasonable attorneysfees, allocated costs of staff counsel, expenses of litigation and any feesand expenses incurred in enforcing this provision) arising out of orrelated to any dispute or legal action by any party alleging a violation ofApplicable Law by the indemnifying party.2. Without limiting the generality of subsection 6.5(G)(1), prior toproviding ACH origination services, Customer shall enter into an agreementwith the Originator in compliance with the NACHA Rules, including but notlimited to the requirement of the NACHA Rules that such agreement include aprovision whereby the Originator agrees to be bound by the NACHA Rules. MI shall have no responsibility for ensuring that such Originators haveentered into such agreements.I. Limitation On Liability.1. MI is acting solely in its capacity as agent for Customer inconnection with the initiation, transmission and receipt of ACH Entries onbehalf of Customer. As agent, MI shall be under no obligation to providefunds to any party to settle for any ACH Entry received or initiated byMI. Upon notification from Customer of the occurrence of an error oromission with respect to an ACH Entry, MI shall promptly furnish correctedACH Entry(ies) to an ACH Operator, unless the NACHA Rules prohibit theprocessing of the correct ACH Entry(ies). Notwithstanding any provision inthe Agreement to the contrary, MIs liability to Customer for claimsarising out of the ACH Services performed by MI pursuant to this Section6.5 shall be limited to errors and omissions which are caused solely byMIs gross negligence or willful misconduct and which cannot be remediedthrough the processing of appropriate corrected ACH Entry(ies).2. MI shall make reasonable efforts to deliver ACH Entries to Customeror to an ACH Operator, as appropriate, prior to any applicable deadline forsuch delivery. MI does not guarantee timely delivery. MI shall have noliability to Customer as a result of any late delivery, unless such latedelivery is (i) caused solely by the gross negligence or wilful misconductof MI and (ii) made more than 24 hours delayed from its scheduleddeadline.6.6 Home Banking and Internet Services. INTENTIONALLY OMITTED 6.7 Retail Delivery Systems. MI agrees to provide the licenses,products, interfaces and network management services associated with the PCTeller and Sales Partner/BankerInsight software, in accordance with theRetail Delivery Systems Agreement ("RDS Agreement") set forth in attachedExhibit A. Customer shall execute the RDS Agreement contemporaneously withexecution of this Agreement. 6.8 Visa Check/MasterMoney Card Services. MI agrees to provide theVisa Check card ("Bankcard Services") as further described on Schedule 6.2. Customer agrees to use MI primarily for Customers Bankcard Services dataprocessing. A. Customer has membership in Visa U.S.A. Inc. Customer shallprovide MI with copies of its fully executed Visa U.S.A. Inc. membershipagreement promptly after execution of this Agreement by Customer. B. Customer shall comply with the articles, bylaws, operatingregulations, rules, procedures and policies of Visa U.S.A. Inc. and shallbe solely responsible, as between Customer and MI, for any claims,liabilities, lawsuits and expenses arising out of or caused by Customersfailure to comply with the same. Customer agrees to maintain an account atTri City National Bank and Customer hereby authorizes MI to charge anyamounts due to MI, for Bankcard Services, against any credits due toCustomer to Customers account whether or not such charges createoverdrafts. 6.9 EFT Services. MI agrees to provide the EFT services moreparticularly described on Schedule 6.2. A. Customer understands and agrees that MI may terminate EFTservices immediately in the event MIs access to any shared electronicfunds transfer system is terminated by the network provider. Customerfurther agrees that the software used to provide the EFT services may notbe available for license by Customer.7. FACILITIES MANAGEMENT INTENTIONALLY OMITTED8. FEES 8.1 Fee Structure. Schedule 8.1 attached hereto (the "Fee Schedule")sets forth the costs and charges to be paid by Customer for the Services. These costs and charges are included in one or more of the followingcategories: (i) one-time fees associated with Conversion, software licenses,interfaces and consulting fees; (ii) a minimum monthly fee ("Monthly Base Fee") for certainbundled data processing Services, based on the volume of resource unitsused to provide such Services. Increases in actual volumes shall result inadditional charges based on resource Units used, which charges are furtherdescribed in the Fee Schedule; and (iii) an hourly or daily fee for programming, training andrelated Services. 8.2 Conversion. Customer agrees to pay MI the fees relating to theConversion on the terms and conditions set forth on the Fee Schedule("Conversion Fees"). In addition to the Conversion Fees, Customer agreesto (i) reimburse MI for all Expenses reasonably incurred in connectionwith the Conversion; (ii) for all Conversion charges of additional accountsas they are incurred or for the Conversion of products not identified inthe Conversion Plan; (iii) for MI personnel or any independent contractorswho perform Conversion or related services which are identified as theresponsibility of the Customer in the Conversion Plan; and (iv) forConversion charges which may arise after the Conversion or with respect toaccounts which are not currently Customer accounts which are laterconverted to the MI system. 8.3 Pricing and Operational Assumptions. The Fee Schedule sets forththe operational and pricing assumptions made by MI following completion ofits preliminary due diligence of Customers requirements and its evaluationof information provided by Customer. If, prior to the Conversion Date, theparties determine that one of more of the pricing or operationalassumptions listed in the Fee Schedule is inaccurate or incomplete in anymaterial respect, the parties will negotiate in good faith regarding anequitable adjustment to any materially and adversely impacted provisions ofthis Agreement. 8.4 Banking Applications Services. Following the Conversion of theAccounts DP Services, Customer agrees to pay to MI the fees for theAccounts DP Services as set forth on the Fee Schedule. 8.5 Corporate Support Services. INTENTIONALLY OMITTED 8.6 Item Processing Services. INTENTIONALLY OMITTED 8.7 Management Services. INTENTIONALLY OMITTED 8.8 Visa Check/MasterMoney Card Services. Following commencement ofthe Bankcard Services, Customer agrees to pay to MI the fees set forth onthe Fee Schedule. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in theAgreement, or any general discount specified in the Fee Schedule, the feesfor Bankcard Services shall not be subject to any discounts. In additionto the charges specified on the Fee Schedule, Customer shall be responsiblefor all interchange fees and all dues, fees and assessments established byand owed to Visa U.S.A. Inc. and/or MasterCard International for theprocessing of Customers transactions. 8.9 EFT Services. Following the commencement of the EFT Services,Customer agrees to pay to MI the fees set forth on the Fee Schedulesubject to the discounts specified in the Fee Schedule. Such discountshall not apply to any EFT service which is not a part of MIs 1997standard published priced list. In addition to the charges specified onthe Fee Schedule, Customer shall be responsible for all interchange andnetwork provider fees for the processing of Customers transactions. 8.10 Training and Education. A. MI shall provide training in accordance with the trainingschedule to be developed pursuant to the Conversion Plan. The sessionsshall be held at an MI Datacenter location to be determined by MI. Customer shall be responsible for all Expenses incurred by the participantsin connection with such education and training. B. MI will provide two (2) copies each of the User Manuals(other than for branch systems covered under the RDS Agreement) toCustomer. When said manuals are updated MI will provide two (2) copieseach of the replacement or additional pages. Additional copies of the UserManuals may be purchased by Customer at MIs then current published pricelist. 8.11 Excluded Costs. The fees set forth in the Fee Schedule do notinclude communication costs, telecommunication charges, printline chargesand other output costs, Expenses, third party pass-thru charges, workshopfees, training fees and late fees or charges and Taxes. 8.12 Disputed Amounts. If Customer disputes any charge or amount onany invoice and such dispute cannot be resolved promptly through good faithdiscussions between the parties, Customer shall pay the amounts due underthis Agreement less the disputed amount, and the parties shall diligentlyproceed to resolve such disputed amount. An amount will be considereddisputed in good faith if (i) Customer delivers a written statement to MIon or before the due date of the invoice, describing in detail the basis ofthe dispute and the amount being withheld by Customer, (ii) such writtenstatement represents that the amount in dispute has been determined afterdue investigation of the facts and that such disputed amount has beendetermined in good faith, (iii) such dispute has been submitted by Customerfor resolution to the proper party, and (iv) all other amounts due fromCustomer that are not in dispute have been paid in accordance with theterms of this Agreement. If agreement with respect to the disputed amountis not reached within thirty (30) days after the date on which payment wasdue, Customer shall pay the disputed amount into an interest-bearingindependent escrow account for the benefit of the prevailing party, pendingresolution of the dispute. 8.13 Terms of Payment. All "one-time" fees shall be paid to MI asset forth in the Fee Schedule. All minimum monthly fees (including theMonthly Base Fee) are due in advance on the first day of the calendar monthin which the Services are to be performed, prorated for any partial month. To effect payment of such minimum monthly fees, Customer hereby authorizesMI to initiate debit entries from and, if necessary, initiate creditentries and adjustments to Customers account at the depository institutiondesignated in the ACH Authorization Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B,which shall be executed by Customer contemporaneously with the execution ofthis Agreement. All other amounts due hereunder shall be invoiced by MIand shall be payable within thirty (30) days of invoice, unless otherwiseprovided in the Fee Schedule. Customer shall also pay any collection feesand Damages incurred by MI in collecting payment of the charges and anyother amounts for which Customer is liable under the terms and conditionsof this Agreement. 8.14 Modification of Terms and Pricing. A. Following any Event of Default by Customer and pendingcompletion of the dispute resolution procedures set forth in Article 15,Customer agrees that all charges for Services shall be computed using MIsthen-current standard published prices, paid in advance, as determined byMI. Upon Customers cure of all such Event(s) of Default, the pricingterms shall revert to that which were in place prior to the Event(s) ofDefault. B. REDACTED C. Customer shall be entitled to receive discounts on certainServices as specifically set forth in the marked up price list made part ofthe Fee Schedule.9. PERFORMANCE STANDARDS 9.1 General. Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, MIagrees to perform the Services in accordance with the Performance Standardsand, where there are no Performance Standards, in a commercially reasonablemanner and with no other or higher degree of care. MIs performance underthis Agreement shall be excused to the extent any delays are caused by theoccurrence of an event of force majeure. 9.2 Banking Applications. Subject to the nonoccurrence of an eventof force majeure as provided in Section 21.1 of this Agreement and theperformance of Customers obligations essential to MIs performance of itsobligations, MI agrees that the Accounts DP Services will be provided inaccordance with the following standards (the "Performance Standards"). A. Batch Processing. MI will initiate batch processing andhave bank operations reports available for transmission to Customer or makethe processed item and reports available, within five (5) hours on all (buttwo) processing days in a calendar month [fifteen (15) hours at year end]provided MI receives all input data from Customer at the Operations Centerby 1:00 a.m. (local time of the Operations Center). B. On-line Availability. MI will ensure that its on-linecomputing facilities are available for the processing of Customers on-linetransactions at a minimum of ninety-seven point five percent (97.5%) of thetime, as prescribed by Customer, measured over a calendar month at thepoint of departure from MIs communications controller. The timeprescribed by Customer for each banking day for which on-line computingfacilities shall be made available for each product or service is set forthbelow. "Availability" for purposes of this paragraph shall be expressed asa percentage for each calendar month and shall be the number 100 less theratio of (i) time period of unscheduled outages over (ii) total timeprescribed less the time period of scheduled outages. Service Availability ATM1Monday-Thursday 12:01 a.m. - 12:00 midnight Friday 12:01 a.m. - 12:00 midnight Saturday 12:01 a.m. - 12:00 midnight Sunday 12:01 a.m. - 2:00 a.m. 6:00 a.m. 12:00 midnightCardbase Management SystemMonday - Thursday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightFriday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSaturday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSunday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightCIS Deposit SystemMonday - Thursday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightFriday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSaturday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSunday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightLoan SystemMonday - Thursday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightFriday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSaturday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSunday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightGeneral LedgerMonday - Thursday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightFriday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSaturday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSunday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightInformation DesktopMonday - Thursday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightFriday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSaturday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSunday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightTeller SystemMonday - Thursday 6:45 a.m. - 12:00 midnightFriday 6:45 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSaturday 6:45 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSunday 6:45 a.m. - 12:00 midnightIRS Government Reporting SystemMonday - Thursday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightFriday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSaturday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSunday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightAccount AnalysisMonday - Thursday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightFriday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSaturday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSunday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSafe BoxMonday - Thursday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightFriday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSaturday - Sunday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightVRU 1Monday - Thursday 12:01 a.m. - 12:00 midnightFriday 12:01 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSaturday 12:01 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSunday 12:01 a.m. - 2:00 a.m. 6:00 a.m. 12:00 midnightBank ControlMonday - Thursday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightFriday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSaturday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSunday 7:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnightAccount ReconciliationMonday - Thursday 7:00 a.m. - 6:45 p.m.Friday 7:00 a.m. - 9:30 p.m.Saturday 7:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.Deposit Teller1Monday - Thursday 12:01 a.m. - 12:00 midnightFriday 12:01 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSaturday 12:01 a.m. - 12:00 midnightSunday 12:01 a.m. - 2:00 a.m. 6:00 a.m. 12:00 midnight_____________________ 1 MIs objective is to provide 24 x 7 hour availability for thesesystems. MI does however need to perform regular technical maintenance(e.g., NCP maintenance), CPU IPLs, DASD installs, IHS gens, etc.). Thistype of maintenance is performed between 2:00 a.m. and 6:00 a.m. CST/CDT. These activities may result in system downtime during this window. C. Processing Time. MI will process transactions in anaverage of 2.5 seconds for teller transactions (not to exceed six (6)seconds for five percent (5%) of all transactions per month) and in anaverage of three point five (3.5) seconds (not to exceed seven (7) secondsfor five percent (5%) of all transactions per month) for bank operationsCRT transactions as measured over a calendar month, from the time thetransaction is sent by the Customers controller or gateway to the time theprocessed data is returned to the Customers controller or gateway. ShouldMI not be able to perform in accordance with the Performance Standardsbecause Customer failed to acquire network or equipment recommended by MI,or such additional network or equipment as may be reasonably necessarybased on the circumstances, MI shall notify Customer in writing andCustomer shall either acquire such network and/or equipment or accept theresponse time that is achieved. D. Service Level Credits. REDACTED10. MODIFICATION OR TERMINATION OF SERVICES 10.1 Modifications to Services. MI may modify, amend, enhance,update, or provide an appropriate replacement for the software used toprovide the Services, or any element of its systems at any time to: (i)improve the Services or (ii) facilitate the continued economic provision ofthe Services to Customer or MI, provided that the functionality of theServices is not materially adversely affected. 10.2 Partial Termination by MI. MI may, at any time, withdraw anyof the Services (other than the Core Services) upon providing ninety (90)days prior written notice to Customer. MI may also terminate any of theServices immediately upon any final regulatory, legislative, or judicialdetermination that providing such Services is inconsistent with applicablelaw or regulation or upon imposition by any such authority of restrictionsor conditions which would detract from the economic or other benefits toMI or Customer to any element of the Services. In the event a Serviceprovided as part of the monthly Base Fee is terminated by MI, the partiesagree to negotiate in good faith an appropriate reduction in the monthlyBase Fee. 10.3 Partial Termination by Customer. A. Customer acknowledges and agrees that the Monthly Base Feepricing offered to Customer by MI is based on certain services provided byMIs Integrated Banking System. Customer agrees that, during the Term,Customer shall be required to obtain from MI all of those Services whichare included in the Monthly Base Fee, as set forth on Schedule 6.2.REDACTED 10.4 Development of Custom Software. MI reserves the right todetermine the programming (whether hardware or software) utilized by MIwith the equipment used in fulfilling its duties under this Agreement. Allprograms (including ideas and know-how and concepts) developed by MI areand shall remain MIs sole property. Any writing or work of authorshipcreated by MI in the course of performing the Services under thisAgreement, even if paid for by Customer, shall be the property of MI("Developed Software"). MI may make such Developed Software available toany of its other customers; provided, however, if Customer has paid forsuch Developed Software and MI offers, as part of MIs standard pricelist, a separate service resulting exclusively from such DevelopedSoftware, MI will refund, or credit, to Customer a portion of any amountspaid for such Developed Software on terms and conditions agreed to by theparties prior to commencement of work on the Developed Software.11. TERMINATION 11.1 For Convenience. Customer may terminate this Agreement duringthe Term upon at least one (1) years written notice to MI, provided thatCustomer pays MI an early termination fee ("Termination for ConvenienceFee") in an amount equal to REDACTED of the Estimated Remaining Value. TheTermination for Convenience Fee shall apply to any early termination ofthis Agreement other than pursuant to an Event of Default on the part ofCustomer or MI or pursuant to Section 11.3 below. Fifty percent of theTermination for Convenience Fee shall be paid to MI within thirty (30)days following the date of Customers notice and the remaining 50% shall bepaid to MI within thirty (30) days prior to the Effective Date ofTermination. In addition to the foregoing, Customer shall pay to MI, anyunamortized Conversion or other costs, reasonable Expenses in connectionwith the disposition of equipment, facilities and contracts related toMIs performance of the Services on behalf of Customer. The Terminationfor Convenience Fee shall not be subject to the limitations set forth inSection 13.4. 11.2 For Cause. A. If MI terminates this Agreement following an Event ofDefault on the part of Customer, or if Customer terminates this Agreementin accordance with Section 11.1 above without complying with thenotification requirements set forth in Section 11.1, then Customer shallpay MI a termination fee ("Termination for Cause Fee") in an amount equalto REDACTED of the Estimated Remaining Value, payable as set forth inSection 11.1 above. In addition to the foregoing, Customer shall pay toMI, reasonable Expenses in connection with the disposition of equipment,facilities and contracts related to MIs performance of the Services onbehalf of Customer. The Termination for Cause Fee shall not be subject tothe limitations set forth in Section 13.4. B. If Customer terminates this Agreement following an Event ofDefault on the part of MI, Customer shall not be responsible for anytermination fees or charges as a result thereof.REDACTED 11.4 Termination Assistance. Commencing six (6) months prior to theexpiration of the Term of this Agreement, or upon any termination of thisAgreement for any reason, MI shall provide Customer, at Customersexpense, all necessary assistance to allow the Services to continue withoutinterruption or adverse affect to Customer and to facilitate the orderlytransition of Services to Customer or its designee ("TerminationAssistance"). At the written request of Customer, given at least 100 daysprior to expiration of the Term of the Agreement, MI shall continue toprovide Customer all Services at the rates set forth in this Agreement, fora maximum period of six (6) months. As part of the Termination Assistance,MI shall assist Customer to develop a plan for the transition of all dataprocessing services from MI to Customer or its designee on a reasonableschedule developed by Customer. Prior to providing any TerminationAssistance, MI shall deliver to Customer a good faith estimate of all suchExpenses and charges including, without limitation, charges for customprogramming services. Customer understands and agrees that all Expensesand charges for Termination Assistance shall be computed in accordance withMIs then-current rates for such products, materials and services. Nothing contained herein shall obligate Customer to receive TerminationAssistance from MI.12. EVENTS OF DEFAULT; REMEDIES 12.1 By MI. It shall be an Event of Default on the part of MI if:(i) MI becomes insolvent, or a receiver of conservator shall be appointedwith respect to MI; or (ii) MI shall fail to perform any of itsobligations under this Agreement which have a material adverse effect onCustomer, and such failure is not cured within 30 days after written noticefrom Customer; or (iii) MI fails to meet any Performance Standard and suchfailure is not cured within ninety (90) days after written notice fromCustomer. 12.2 By Customer. It shall be an Event of Default on the part of theCustomer if: (i) Customer becomes insolvent, or a receiver of conservatorshall be appointed with respect to the Customer; or (ii) Customer shallfail to pay any sum due MI within the prescribed time period, and suchfailure continues for ten days after written notice thereof from MI; or(iii) Customer shall fail to perform any of its other obligations underthis Agreement which have a material adverse effect on MI, and suchfailure is not cured within 30 days after written notice from MI. 12.3 Remedies. Following an Event of Default, the non-defaultingparty shall have the right to and commence the dispute resolutionprocedures set forth in Article 15 or to terminate this Agreement andcollect its Damages.13. DAMAGES 13.1 Direct Damages. Customer and MI shall be liable to the otheronly for direct damages arising out of or relating to their respectiveperformance or non-performance of obligations under this Agreement;provided, however, that the following shall be considered direct damagesfor the purposes of this Agreement: A. Costs of recreating or reloading any of Customersinformation that is lost or damaged; B. Costs of implementing a work-around in respect of a failureto provide the Services; C. Costs of replacing lost or damaged equipment, software, andmaterials; D. Costs and expenses incurred by Customer to correct errors insoftware maintenance and enhancements provided as part of the Services; E. Costs and expenses incurred by Customer to procure theServices from an alternate source, to the extent in excess of MIs chargesunder this Agreement; and F. Straight time, overtime, or related expenses incurred byCustomer, including overhead allocations of Customer for Customersemployees, wages and salaries of additional employees, travel expenses,overtime expenses, telecommunication charges, and similar charges, due tofailure of MI to provide the Services or incurred in connection withsubsections (A) through (E) above, to the extent that such straight time,overtime, or related expenses exceed what Customer would have paid to MIif MI were providing the Services, and limited to the amount that MIwould have paid to Customer under subsection (E) above if Customer chose toprocure the Services from an alternate source. 13.2 No Consequential Damages. Neither Customer nor MI shall beliable for, nor will the measure of any damages in any event include, anyindirect, incidental, punitive, special or consequential damages or amountsfor loss of income, profits or savings arising out of or relating toperformance or non-performance under this Agreement. 13.3 Equitable Relief. Either party may seek equitable remedies,including specific performance and injunctive relief, for a breach of theother partys obligations under this Agreement. 13.4 Limitation of Liability. Notwithstanding any provision in thisAgreement, MIs total liability under this Agreement shall not exceedpayments made to MI by Customer under this Agreement during the three (3)months prior to the event. No lawsuit or other action may be brought byeither party hereto, or on any claim or controversy based upon or arisingin any way out of this Agreement be brought, after one (1) year from thedate on which the cause of action arose; provided, however, the foregoinglimitation shall not apply to the collection of any amounts due under thisAgreement. 13.5 Liquidated Damages. Customer acknowledges that MI shall suffera material adverse impact on its business if this Agreement is terminatedpursuant to Sections 11.1 or 11.2(A) and that the resulting damages may notbe susceptible of precise determination. Customer acknowledges that theTermination for Convenience Fee and the Termination for Cause Fee are eacha reasonable approximation of such damages and shall be deemed to beliquidated damages and not a penalty.14. INSURANCE AND INDEMNITY 14.1 Insurance. A. Throughout the Term of this Agreement, MI shall maintain atall times at its own cost and expense: 1. Commercial General Liability Insurance covering itspremises, including bodily injury, property damage, broad form contractualliability and independent contractors, with primary limits of not less thantwo million dollars (2,000,000). 2. Fidelity Insurance covering employee dishonesty withrespect to all aspects of the Services, in an amount not less than tenmillion dollars (10,000,000). 3. Workers Compensation Insurance as mandated or allowedby the state in which the Services are being performed, including at leastfive hundred thousand dollars (500,000) coverage for Employers Liability. 4. All Risk Property Insurance in an amount adequate tocover the cost of replacement of all equipment, improvements, andbetterments at MI locations in the event of loss or damage. B. All policies of such insurance shall be written by acarrier or carriers rated "A" or above by Best, shall contain a clauserequiring the carrier to give Customer at least thirty (30) days priorwritten notice of any material change or cancellation of coverage for anyreason, and simultaneously with MIs execution of this Agreement, andannually thereafter, at Customers request, MI shall deliver to Customeroriginal Certificates of Insurance evidencing the coverage required by thisSection. 14.2 Indemnity. A. By Customer. Customer shall indemnify MI from, and defendMI against, any liability or expenses arising out of or relating to (i)the inaccuracy or untruthfulness of any representation or warranty made byCustomer to MI, (ii) a violation of Federal, state, or other laws orregulations for the protection of persons or members of a protected classor category of persons by Customer or its employees or agents, (iii) sexualdiscrimination or harassment by Customer or its employees or agents, (iv)work-related injury or death caused by Customer or its employees or agents,(v) tangible personal or real property damage or financial or monetary lossincurred by MI resulting from Customers acts or omissions, or those ofits employees or agents and (vi) those matters included in Section 6.6(B)above. Customer shall be responsible for any costs and Expenses incurredby MI in connection with the enforcement of this Paragraph A. B. By MI. MI shall indemnify Customer from, and defendCustomer against, any liability or expenses arising out of or relating to(i) any claim by a third party that the Services or MIs software infringeupon any United States patent, copyright or trademark of a third party,(ii) any claim by a third party in respect of services or systems providedby MI to a third party, (iii) the inaccuracy or untruthfulness of anyrepresentation or warranty made by MI to Customer, (iv) a violation ofFederal, state, or other laws or regulations for the protection of personsor members of a protected class or category of persons by MI or itsemployees or agents (v) sexual discrimination or harassment by MI, itsemployees, or agents, (vi) work-related injury or death caused by MI, itsemployees, or agents, and (vii) tangible personal or real property damageor financial or monetary loss incurred by Customer resulting from MIsacts or omissions or those of its employees or agents. MI shall beresponsible for any costs and Expenses incurred by Customer in connectionwith the enforcement of this Paragraph B. 14.3 Indemnification Procedures. If any third party makes a claimcovered by this Section against an indemnitee with respect to which suchindemnitee intends to seek indemnification under this Section, suchindemnitee shall give notice of such claim to the indemnifying party,including a brief description of the amount and basis therefor, if known. Upon giving such notice, the indemnifying party shall be obligated todefend such indemnitee against such claim, and shall be entitled to assumecontrol of the defense of the claim with counsel chosen by the indemnifyingparty, reasonably satisfactory to the indemnitee. Indemnitee shallcooperate fully with, and assist, the indemnifying party in its defenseagainst such claim in all reasonable respects. The indemnifying partyshall keep the indemnitee fully apprised at all times as to the status ofthe defense. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the indemnitee shall have theright to employ its own separate counsel in any such action, but the feesand expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such indemnitee;provided, however (1) if the parties agree that it is advantageous to thedefense for the indemnitee to employ its own counsel or (2) in thereasonable judgment of the indemnitee, based upon an opinion of counselwhich shall be provided to the indemnifying party, representation of bothindemnifying party and the indemnitee would be inappropriate underapplicable standards of professional conduct due to actual or potentialconflicts of interest between them, then reasonable fees and expenses ofthe indemnitees counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying party,provided that the indemnifying party approves such counsel. Neither theindemnifying party nor any indemnitee shall be liable for any settlement ofaction or claim effected without its consent. Notwithstanding theforegoing, the indemnitee shall retain, assume, or reassume sole controlover all expenses relating to every aspect of the defense that it believesis not the subject of the indemnification provided for in this section. Until both (a) the indemnitee receives notice from indemnifying party thatit will defend, and (b) the indemnifying party assumes such defense, theindemnitee may, at any time after ten (10) days from the date notice ofclaim is given to the indemnifying party by the indemnitee, resist orotherwise defend the claim or, after consultation with and consent of theindemnifying party, settle or otherwise compromise or pay the claim. Theindemnifying party shall pay all costs of indemnity arising out of orrelating to that defense and any such settlement, compromise, or payment. The indemnitee shall keep the indemnifying party fully apprised at alltimes as to the status of the defense. Following indemnification asprovided in this Section, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to allrights of the indemnitee with respect to the matters for whichindemnification has been made.15. DISPUTE RESOLUTION 15.1 Representatives of Parties. All disputes arising under or inconnection with this Agreement shall initially be referred to the AccountRepresentatives (as defined in Section 18.1). If the AccountRepresentatives are unable to resolve the dispute within five (5) businessdays after referral of the matter to them, the managers of the AccountRepresentatives shall attempt to resolve the dispute. If, after five (5)days they are unable to resolve the dispute, senior executives of theparties shall attempt to resolve the dispute. If, after give (5) days theyare unable to resolve the dispute, the parties shall submit the dispute tothe chief executive officers of the parties for resolution. 15.2 Continuity of Performance. MI acknowledges that the provisionof the Services is critical to the business and operations of Customer. Accordingly, in the event of a dispute between Customer and MI, during thependency of the dispute resolution proceedings described in this Article15, MI shall continue to provide the Services and Customer shall continueto pay any undisputed amounts to MI.16. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 16.1 By MI. MI represents and warrants that: A. Capability of Computer Systems and Software. MIs computersystems (hardware and software) are capable of performing the Services inaccordance with the provisions of this Agreement. B. User Manuals. The reports made available to Customer shallbe in substantial conformity with the customer bulletins and the UserManuals, as amended from time to time, copies of which have been, or willbe, provided to Customer. C. Rights. MI has the right to provide the Serviceshereunder, using all computer software required for that purpose. D. Organization and Approvals. MI is a validly organizedcorporate entity with valid authority to enter into this Agreement. ThisAgreement has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action. E. Millennium Compliance. The Services, including any softwareinterfaces and enhancements created by MI, shall be Millennium Complianton or before December 31, 1998. Any modification to make the ServicesMillennium Compliant shall be made by MI at no additional charge. F. Disclaimer of Warranties. EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTHIN THIS SECTION 16.1, MI DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, WHETHER WRITTEN,ORAL, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OFTHE FOREGOING, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULARPURPOSE. 16.2 By Customer. Customer represents and warrants that: A. Organization. It is a corporation validly existing and ingood standing under the laws of the State of its incorporation; B. Authority. It has all the requisite corporate power andauthority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under thisAgreement, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement hasbeen duly authorized by Customer and this Agreement is enforceable inaccordance with its terms against Customer; C. Approvals. No approval, authorization or consent of anygovernmental or regulatory authorities required to be obtained or made byCustomer in order for Customer to enter into and perform its obligationsunder this Agreement; and D. Compliance. In connection with its obligations under thisAgreement, Customer shall comply with all applicable federal, state andlocal laws, rules and regulations and shall obtain all applicable permitsand licenses.17. CONFIDENTIALITY AND OWNERSHIP 17.1 Customer Data. Customer shall remain the sole and exclusiveowner of all Customer Data and other Confidential Information (ashereinafter defined), regardless of whether such data is maintained onmagnetic tape, magnetic disk, or any other storage or processing device. All such Customer Data and other Confidential Information shall, however,be subject to regulation and examination by the appropriate auditors andregulatory agencies to the same extent as if such information were onCustomers premises. "Customer Data" means any and all data andinformation of any kind or nature submitted to MI by Customer, or receivedby MI on behalf of Customer, in connection with the Services. 17.2 MI Systems. Customer acknowledges that it has no rights in anysoftware, systems, documentation, guidelines, procedures and similarrelated materials or any modifications thereof provided by MI, except withrespect to Customers use of the same during the Term to process its data. 17.3 Confidential Information. "Confidential Information" of a partyshall mean all confidential or proprietary information and documentation ofsuch party, whether or not marked as such, including without limitationwith respect to Customer, all Customer Data. Confidential Informationshall not include: (i) information which is or becomes publicly available(other than by the person or entity having the obligation ofconfidentiality) without breach of this Agreement; (ii) informationindependently developed by the receiving party; (iii) information receivedfrom a third party not under a confidentiality obligation to the disclosingparty; or (iv) information already in the possession of the receiving partywithout obligation of confidence at the time first disclosed by thedisclosing party. The parties acknowledge and agree that the substance ofthe negotiations of this Agreement, and the terms of this Agreement areconsidered Confidential Information subject to the restrictions containedherein. Neither party shall use, copy, sell, transfer, publish, disclose,display, or otherwise make any of the other partys ConfidentialInformation available to any third party without the prior written consentof the other. 17.4 Obligations of the Parties. MI and Customer shall hold theConfidential Information of the other party in confidence and shall notdisclose or use such Confidential Information other than for the purposescontemplated by this Agreement, and shall instruct their employees, agents,and contractors to use the same care and discretion with respect to theConfidential Information of the other party or of any third party utilizedhereunder that MI and Customer each require with respect to their own mostconfidential information, but in no event less than a reasonable standardof care, including but not limited to, the utilization of security devicesor procedures designed to prevent unauthorized access to such materials. Each party shall instruct its employees, agents, and contractors of itsconfidentiality obligations hereunder and not to attempt to circumvent anysuch security procedures and devices. Each partys obligation under thepreceding sentence may be satisfied by the use of its standard form ofconfidentiality agreement, if the same reasonably accomplishes the purposeshere intended. All such Confidential Information shall be distributed onlyto persons having a need to know such information to perform their dutiesin conjunction with this Agreement. 17.5 Security. MI shall be responsible for, and shall establish andmaintain safeguards against, a disaster, loss or alteration of the CustomerData in the possession of MI. Such safeguard shall be no less rigorousthan that MI uses to protect its own data of a similar nature.18. MANAGEMENT OF PROJECT 18.1 Account Representatives. Each party shall cause an individual tobe assigned to the position of Account Representative to devote time andeffort to management of the Services under this Agreement. Neither partyshall reassign or replace its Account Representative during the first yearof his or her assignment without the consent of the other party, except ifsuch individual voluntarily resigns, is dismissed for cause, or is unableto work due to his or her death or disability. 18.2 Change Control Procedures. On or prior to the Conversion Date,MI shall deliver to Customer the Change Control Procedures to be used byMI to perform the Services. At a minimum, the Change Control Proceduresshall provide for prior notice to Customer of changes which materiallyadversely effect the quality or timeliness of the Services, in which casesuch change shall be made only on a temporary basis. MI agrees toschedule projects and changes so as to not unreasonably interruptCustomers business operations. 18.3 Reporting and Meetings. Within sixty (60) days after theEffective Date, the parties shall mutually agree upon an appropriate set ofperiodic reports to be issued by MI to Customer during the ConversionPeriod and during the remainder of the Term. Within sixty (60) days afterthe Effective Date, the parties will mutually agree on an appropriate setof periodic meetings to be held between the Account Representatives duringthe Conversion Period and the remainder of the Term. Meetings shall beheld to review performance, changes, resource utilization and such othermatter as appropriate. 18.4 Development Projects and Technical Support. Upon Customerswritten request, MI will develop and provide to Customer a good faithestimate of any additional charges which Customer may incur in connectionwith the operation of any new software, major modification or enhancementsdeveloped by MI or the acquisition of third party software. Customeragrees that MI will have the opportunity to bid on and be considered forall software development, maintenance and other technology projects relatedto the Services that Customer wishes to implement.19. REGULATORY COMPLIANCE A. MI shall comply with, and MI shall provide Customer withdata and reports necessary for Customer to comply with, all federal lawsapplicable to the transactions or accounts processed by MI. Customershall have the right to notify MI of any requirements or changes in statelaw which affect the provision of the Services. Thereafter, MI shallschedule implementation of the changes prior to the deadline imposed by theregulatory or other governmental agency having jurisdiction for suchchange. MIs obligation to meet the compliance deadline shall becontingent upon MI receiving timely notice from Customer or any otherservice bureau customer of MI so as to enable MI to schedule andimplement such change prior to the regulatory deadline. MI shallimplement such change at Customers sole cost and expense (shared equitablyamong all of MIs other service bureau customers who are affected by suchchange). B. Provided that such enactments or regulations do not prohibitMI from performing the Services for Customer, MI shall use commerciallyreasonable efforts to perform the Services regardless of changes inlegislative enactments or regulatory requirements. If such changes preventMI from performing its obligations under this Agreement, MI shall, whenappropriate, make commercially reasonable efforts to develop and implementa suitable work around until such time as MI can perform its obligationsunder this Agreement without such work around.20. DISASTER RECOVERY 20.1 Disaster Recovery Plan. MI shall maintain throughout the termof the Agreement a Disaster Recovery Plan in compliance with all regulatoryrequirements, which Disaster Recovery Plan shall cover all the Services. For the purposes of this Agreement, "Disaster" means any unplannedinterruption of operations which materially affects the ability of MI toprovide Services, or as otherwise provided in the Disaster Recovery Plan. Review and acceptance of any Disaster Recovery Plan as may be required byany such regulatory organizations shall be the responsibility of Customer,provided that MI provides Customer and any such regulatory organizationssuch cooperation and assistance in conducting such reviews as Customer orsuch regulatory organizations may from time to time reasonably request. Any Disaster Recovery Plan shall provide, at a minimum, for MI to providealternate electrical power supplies for uninterrupted service. The DisasterRecovery Plan shall also designate one or more facilities (each a "DisasterRecovery Site") or separate computer resources to which MI shall move theaffected portion of any Services upon the declaration of a Disaster (asprovided in the Disaster Recovery Plan) requiring such a relocation. AnyDisaster Recovery Site must be appropriately equipped with data processingresources sufficient to provide all Services in compliance with regulatoryrequirements. Any Disaster Recovery Plan must also specify all proceduresfor the determination or declaration of a Disaster, which determination ordeclaration may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed by either party. Adetailed Executive Summary of the Disaster Recovery Plan, as amended fromtime to time, shall be provided to Customer without charge. 20.2 Relocation. MI shall relocate all affected Services to theDisaster Recovery Site as expeditiously as possible after declaration of aDisaster (as provided in the Disaster Recovery Plan), and shall coordinatewith Customer all requisite telecommunications modifications necessary toachieve full connectivity to the Disaster Recovery Site in materialcompliance with all regulatory requirements. 20.3 Resumption of Services. The Disaster Recovery Plan shall providethat, in the event of a Disaster, MI is able to resume all Services inaccordance herewith utilizing the Disaster Recovery Site within acommercially reasonable period following the declaration of any Disaster asprovided in the Disaster Recovery Plan. In the event MI is unable toresume all Services to Customer within thirty (30) days following thedeclaration of any Disaster, Customer shall have the right to terminatethis Agreement without penalty upon written notice to MI delivered withinforty-five (45) days after declaration of such Disaster. 20.4 Annual Test. MI shall test its Disaster Recovery Plan byconducting one (1) test annually and shall provide Customer with adescription of the test results in accordance with applicable laws andregulations.21. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 21.1 Force Majeure. Notwithstanding any provision contained in thisAgreement, neither party shall be liable to the other to the extentfulfillment or performance of any terms or provisions of this Agreement isdelayed or prevented by revolution or other civil disorders; wars; acts ofenemies; strikes; lack of available resources from persons other thanparties to this Agreement; labor disputes; electrical equipment oravailability failure; fires; floods; acts of God; federal, state ormunicipal action; statute; ordinance or regulation; or, without limitingthe foregoing, any other causes not within its control, and which by theexercise of reasonable diligence it is unable to prevent, whether of theclass of causes hereinbefore enumerated or not. This clause shall notapply to the payment of any sums due under this Agreement by either partyto the other. 21.2 Transmission of Data. The responsibility and expense fortransportation and transmission of, and the risk of loss for, data andmedia transmitted between MI and Customer shall be borne by Customer. Data lost by MI following processing, including loss of data transmission,shall either be restored by MI from its back-up media or shall bereprocessed at no charge. 21.3 Equipment and Network. Customer shall obtain and maintain at itsown expense its own data processing and communications equipment as may benecessary or appropriate to facilitate the proper use and receipt of theServices. Customer shall pay all installation, monthly, and other chargesrelating to the installation and use of communications lines in connectionwith the Services. MI maintains and will continue to maintain a networkcontrol center with diagnostic capability to monitor communication linereliability and availability. MI shall not be responsible for thecontinued availability or reliability of the communications lines used byCustomer in accessing the Services. MI agrees to perform reasonablediagnostic services and communicate to vendors any deficiencies of whichMI is, or becomes, aware. 21.4 Reliance on Data. MI will process Items and data and performthose Services described in this Agreement on the basis of informationfurnished by Customer. MI shall be entitled to rely upon any such data,information, or instructions as provided by Customer. If any error resultsfrom incorrect input supplied by Customer, Customer shall be responsiblefor discovering and reporting such error and supplying the data necessaryto correct such error to MI for processing at the earliest possible time. Customer will indemnify and hold MI harmless from any cost, claim, damage,or liability (including attorneys fees) whatsoever arising out of suchdata, information or instructions, or any inaccuracy or inadequacy therein. 21.5 Data Backup. In the event Customer does not receive ItemProcessing Services from MI, Customer shall maintain adequate records forat least ten (10) business days including (i) microfilm images of itemsbeing transported to MI or (ii) backup on magnetic tape or otherelectronic media where transactions are being transmitted to MI, fromwhich reconstruction of lost or damaged items or data can be made. Customerassumes all responsibility and liability for any loss or damage resultingfrom failure to maintain such records. 21.6 Balancing and Controls. Customer shall (a) on a daily basis,review all input and output, controls, reports, and documentation, toensure the integrity of data processed by MI; and (b) on a daily basis,check exception reports to verify that all file maintenance entries andnondollar transactions were correctly entered. Customer shall beresponsible for initiating timely remedial action to correct any improperlyprocessed data which these reviews disclose. 21.7 Use of Services. (A) Customer assumes exclusive responsibilityfor the consequences of any instructions Customer may give MI, forCustomers failure to properly access the Services in the manner prescribedby MI, and for Customers failure to supply accurate input information;(B) Customer agrees that, except as otherwise permitted in this Agreementor in writing by MI, Customer will use the Services only for its owninternal business purposes to service its banking customers and clients andwill not sell or otherwise provide, directly or indirectly, any of theServices or any portion thereof to any third party; and (C) Customer agreesand represents that (i) the performance of this Agreement by the Customerwill not affect the safety or soundness of the Customer or any of itsaffiliates, and (ii) this Agreement, and the obligations evidenced hereby,will be properly reflected on the books and records of the Customer, andthe Customer will provide evidence of the same to MI upon request. 21.8 Regulatory Assurances. MI and Customer acknowledge and agreethat the performance of these Services will be subject to regulation andexamination by Customers regulatory agencies to the same extent as if suchServices were being performed by Customer. Upon request, MI agrees toprovide any appropriate assurances to such agency and agrees to subjectitself to any required examination or regulation. Customer agrees toreimburse MI for reasonable costs actually incurred due to any suchexamination or regulation that is performed solely for the purpose ofexamining Services used by Customer. A. Notice Requirements. The Customer shall be responsible forcomplying with all regulatory notice provisions to any applicablegovernmental agency, which shall include providing timely and adequatenotice to the Chief Examiner of the Federal Home Loan Bank Board, theOffice of Thrift Supervision, the Office of the Comptroller of theCurrency, The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Federal ReserveBoard, or their successors, as applicable (collectively, the "FederalRegulators"), as of the effective date of Services under this Agreement,identifying those records to which this Agreement shall apply and thelocation at which such Services are to be performed. B. Examination of Records. The parties agree that the recordsmaintained and produced under this Agreement shall, at all times, beavailable for examination and audit by governmental agencies havingjurisdiction over the Customers business, including any Federal Regulator.The Director of Examinations of any Federal Regulator or his or herdesignated representative shall have the right to ask for and to receivedirectly from MI any reports, summaries, or information contained in orderived from data in the possession of MI related to the Customer. MIshall notify Customer as soon as reasonably possible of any formal requestby an authorized governmental agency to examine Customers recordsmaintained by MI, if MI is permitted to make such a disclosure toCustomer under applicable law or regulations. Customer agrees that MI isauthorized to provide all such described records when formally required todo so by a Federal Regulator. C. Audits. MI shall cause a third party review of its dataprocessing center, the Operations Center, and related internal controls tobe conducted annually by its independent auditors. MI shall providewithout charge to Customer, upon written request, one copy of the auditreport resulting from such review. MI agrees to promptly implement anychanges recommended as a result of such audit. 21.9 IRS Filing. Customer represents it has complied with all laws,regulations, procedures, and requirements in attempting to secure correcttax identification numbers (TINs) for Customers payees and customers andagrees to attest to this compliance by an affidavit provided annually. Customer authorizes MI to act as Customers agent and sign on Customersbehalf the Affidavit required by the Internal Revenue Service on Form 4804,or any successor form. Exhibit C (Attorney-in-Fact Appointment) andExhibit D (Affidavit) shall be executed by Customer contemporaneously withthe execution of this Agreement. Customer acknowledges that MIsexecution of the Form 4804 Affidavit on Customers behalf does not relieveCustomer of responsibility to provide accurate TINs or liability for anypenalties which may be assessed for failure to comply with TINrequirements. Customer agrees to hold MI harmless from any liabilities,claims, expenses, penalties, or damages (including attorneys fees) whichmay be assessed or incurred as a result of the failure to comply with TINrequirements. 21.10 Affiliates. All processing for Customer and Customerssubsidiaries and Affiliates which MI does shall be included as part of theServices provided under this Agreement and shall be done in accordance withthe terms and conditions of this Agreement. Customer agrees that it isresponsible for assuring compliance with the Agreement by its affiliatesand subsidiaries. Customer agrees to be responsible for the submission ofits affiliates data to MI for processing and for the transmission toCustomers affiliates of such data processed by and received from MI. Customer agrees to pay any and all fees owed under this Agreement forServices rendered to it and its subsidiaries and other Affiliates. 21.11 Future Acquisitions. Customer acknowledges that MI hasestablished the Fee Schedule and enters into this Agreement on the basis ofMIs understanding of the Customers current need for Services andCustomers anticipated future need for Services as a result of internallygenerated to include additional branch locations which Customer may openand other operations Customer may commence. If the Customer expands itoperations by acquiring Control of additional financial institutions or theCustomer experiences a Change in Control (as hereinafter defined), thefollowing provisions shall apply: A. Acquisition of Additional Financial Institutions. IfCustomer acquires Control after the date hereof of one or more bank holdingcompanies, banks, savings and loan associations or other financialinstitutions that are not currently Affiliates, MI agrees to provideServices for such new Affiliates and such Affiliates shall automatically beincluded in the definition of "Customer"; provided that (a) the Conversionof each new Affiliate must be scheduled at a mutually agreeable time(taking into account, among other things, the availability of MIConversion resources) and must be completed before MI has any obligationto provide Services to such new Affiliate; (b) the Customer will be liablefor any and all Expenses in connection with the Conversion of such newAffiliate and (c) Customer shall pay Conversion Fees in an amount to bemutually agreed upon with respect to each new Affiliate. B. Change in Control of Customer. If a Change in Controloccurs with respect to Customer, MI agrees to continue to provide Servicesunder this Agreement; provided that (a) MIs obligation to provideServices shall be limited to the entities comprising the Customer prior tosuch Change in Control and (b) MIs obligation to provide Services shallbe limited in any and all circumstances to the number of accounts and itemsd ith3thi dith ChiCtliprocessed in the 3-month period prior to such Change in Control occurringplus 25%.22. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 22.1 Governing Law. The validity, construction and interpretation ofthis Agreement and the rights and duties of the parties hereto shall begoverned by the internal laws of the State of Wisconsin, excluding itsprinciples of conflict of laws. 22.2 Venue and Jurisdiction. In the event of litigation to enforcethe terms of this Agreement, the parties consent to venue in an exclusivejurisdiction of the courts of Milwaukee County, Wisconsin and the FederalDistrict Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin. The parties furtherconsent to the jurisdiction of any federal or state court located within adistrict which encompasses assets of a party against which a judgment hasbeen rendered, either through arbitration or litigation, for theenforcement of such judgment or award against such party or the assets ofsuch party. 22.3 Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement, together with theexhibits and schedules hereto, constitutes the entire agreement between MIand the Customer with respect to the subject matter hereof. There are norestrictions, promises, warranties, covenants or undertakings other thanthose expressly set forth herein and therein. This Agreement supersedesall prior negotiations, agreements, and undertakings between the partieswith respect to such matter. This Agreement, including the exhibits andschedules hereto, may be amended only by an instrument in writing executedby the parties or their permitted assignees. 22.4 Assignment. This Agreement may not be assigned by either party,by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of theother party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, providedthat (a) MIs consent need not be obtained in connection with theassignment of this Agreement pursuant to a merger in which Customer is aparty and as a result of which the surviving corporation becomes anAffiliate of another bank holding company, bank, savings and loanassociation or other financial institution having a capital and surplus ofat least 100,000,000 so long as the provisions of Section 21.11 arecomplied with and (b) MI may freely assign this Agreement (i) inconnection with a merger, corporate reorganization or sale of all orsubstantially all of its assets, stock or securities, or (ii) to any entitywhich is a successor to the assets or the business of the MI Data Servicesdivision of MI. 22.5 Relationship of Parties. The performance by MI of its dutiesand obligations under this Agreement shall be that of an independentcontractor and nothing contained in this Agreement shall create or imply anagencys relationship between Customer and MI, nor shall this Agreement bedeemed to constitute a joint venture or partnership between Customer andMI. 22.6 Notices. Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, allnotices, requests, approvals, consents and other communications required orpermitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be personallydelivered or sent by (i) first class U.S. mail, registered or certified,return receipt requested, postage pre-paid; or (ii) U.S. express mail, orother, similar overnight courier service to the address specified below. Notices shall be deemed given on the day actually received by the party towhom the notice is addressed. In the case of Customer: Tri City National Bank 6400 South 27th Street Oak Creek, WI 53154 Attn: Mr. Ronald K. Puetz Executive Vice President In the case of MI: MI Data Services 4900 West Brown Deer Road Brown Deer WI 53223 Attn: Mr. Thomas R. Mezera Vice President Sales Marketing 22.7 Headings. Headings in this Agreement are for reference purposesonly and shall not effect the interpretation or meaning of this Agreement. 22.8 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed simultaneously inany number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original butall of which together constitute one and the same agreement. 22.9 Waiver. No delay or omission by either party to exercise anyright or power it has under this Agreement shall impair or be construed asa waiver of such right or power. A waiver by any party of any breach orcovenant shall not be construed to be a waiver of any succeeding breach orany other covenant. All waivers must be in writing and signed by the partywaiving its rights. 22.10 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held bycourt or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law, thenthe remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force andeffect. Articles 11, 13 and 17 shall survive the expiration or earliertermination of this Agreement for any reason. 22.11 Attorneys Fees and Costs. If any legal action orarbitration proceeding has commenced in connection with the enforcement ofthis Agreement or any instrument or agreement required under thisAgreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to attorneys feesactually incurred, costs and necessary disbursements incurred in connectionwith such action or proceeding, as determined by the court or arbitrator. 22.12 Financial Statements. MI agrees to furnish to the Customercopies of the then-current annual report for the Marshall IlsleyCorporation, within 45 days after such document is made publicly available. 22.13 Publicity. Neither party shall use the other parties nameor trademark or refer to the other party directly or indirectly in anymedia release, public announcement or public disclosure relating to thisAgreement or its subject matter, in any promotional or marketing materials,lists or business presentations, without consent from the other party foreach such use or release. Customer agrees that neither it, its directors,officers, employees or agents shall disclose this Agreement or any of theterms or provisions of this Agreement to any other party. 22.14 Solicitation. Neither party shall solicit the employees ofthe other party during the Term of this Agreement, for any reason. 22.15 No Third Party Beneficiaries. Each party intends that thisAgreement shall not benefit, or create any right or cause of action in oron behalf of, any person or entity other than the Customer and MI. 22.16 Construction. MI and Customer each acknowledge that thelimitations and exclusions contained in this Agreement have been thesubject of active and complete negotiation between the parties andrepresent the parties agreement based upon the level of risk to Customerand MI associated with their respective obligations under this Agreementand the payments to be made to MI and the charges to be incurred by MIpursuant to this Agreement. The parties agree that the terms andconditions of this Agreement shall not be construed in favor of or againstany party by reason of the extent to which any party or its professionaladvisors participated in the preparation of this document.23. SOURCE CODE 23.1 Escrow. MI has entered into a Master Preferred Escrow Agreement("Escrow Agreement") with Data Securities International, Inc. ("DSI"),Account no. 1309046-0001, pursuant to which MI has deposited with DSI thesource code for the IBS Licensed Software (the "IBS Software"). 23.2 Copy of Source Code. MI agrees that Customer shall have theright to obtain a copy of the source code for the IBS Software pursuant tothe terms and conditions of this Article 23. 23.3 Cost of Escrow. MI shall be responsible for the cost ofmaintaining and updating the source code escrow including any fees to bepaid to DSI. MI shall have the right to change escrow agents and shallpromptly notify Customer of such change during the Term. 23.4 Customers Right to Obtain the Source Code. MI hereby grants toCustomer a non-exclusive, non-transferable license, through the end of theTerm, to use the source code (including the right to make modificationsthereto) on the terms and conditions set forth in this Article 23, uponpayment of the then current license fees and the occurrence of thefollowing events: A. MI ceases to do business or refuses to provide the Services toCustomer; or B. A voluntary or involuntary petition is commenced by or againstMI under any federal or state bankruptcy law, or a trustee in bankruptcyfails to timely assume this Agreement as an executory contract, or asubstantial part of MIs property or assets become subject to levy orseizure by any creditor and, in the case of an involuntary petition, thesame is not dismissed within sixty (60) days after filing. 23.5 Use of Source Code. In the event Customer obtains a copy of thesource code pursuant to Section 23.4 above, Customer (or its designee)shall use the source code during the term of the license granted hereinsolely for Customers own internal processing and computing needs and toprocess the Customer Data, but shall not (1) distribute, sell, transfer,assign or sublicense the source code or any parts thereof to any thirdparty, (2) use the source code in any manner to provide service bureau,time sharing or other computer services to third parties, or (3) use anyportion of the source code to process data under any application orfunctionality other than those applications or functionalities which werebeing provided by MI to Customer at the time Customer became entitled toreceive a copy of the source code. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to beexecuted in their names as of the date first above written.MARSHALL ILSLEY CORPORATION ("MI")4900 W. Brown Deer RoadBrown Deer, WI 53223By: Name: Patrick C. FoyTitle: President, Outsourcing Business GroupBy: Name: Thomas R. MezeraTitle: Vice President, Sales MarketingTRI CITY NATIONAL BANK ("Customer")6400 South 27th StreetOak Creek, WI 53154By: Name: Ronald K. PuetzTitle: Executive Vice President