EXHIBIT B COOPERATION AGREEMENTThis Agreement dated March 13, 2014 is by and between JANA Partners LLC (“JANA”) and URS Corporation (the “Company”).In consideration of and reliance upon the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuableconsideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:1. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to JANA that this Agreementhas been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company, and is a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceableagainst the Company in accordance with its terms.2. Representations and Warranties of JANA. JANA represents and warrants to the Company that this Agreement has beenduly authorized, executed and delivered by JANA, and is a valid and binding obligation of JANA, enforceable against JANA inaccordance with its terms. As of the date of this Agreement, JANA beneficially owns 6,745,623 shares of the Company’s commonstock and has voting authority over such shares.3. Board Nomination and Other Company Matters.(a) In accordance with the Company’s ByLaws and Delaware law, the Company agrees that, effective as of thenext meeting (the “March Board Meeting”) of the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”), which shall be held not laterthan March 27, 2014, and prior to taking any other formal action at such meeting, the Board will:(1) increase the size of the Board to fourteen (14) members; and(2) appoint Diane C. Creel, William H. Schumann, III, David N. Siegel and V. Paul Unruh (together, the“JANA Nominees”) (other than in the case of the refusal or inability of any such person to serve, in which case, the Board shallappoint his/her substitute chosen in accordance with Section 3(c)) as Company directors to fill the vacancies created thereby and tohave the same rights of participation in all other matters undertaken at the March Board Meeting as the other Company directors;provided, however, that as a condition to the appointment of each JANA Nominee, such JANA Nominee shall have completed andexecuted the Company’s 2014 Questionnaire for Potential Director Nominees and the Director Nominee Representation andAgreement, provided that such documents have not been amended in any material respect from the versions provided to JANA priorto the date of this Agreement, and have agreed to comply with all policies, codes of conduct, confidentiality obligations and codes ofethics applicable to all of the Company’s directors, including the Company’s Code of Business Conduct, to provide the informationregarding themselves that is required to be disclosed for candidates for directors and directors in a proxy statement under the federalsecurities laws of the United States of America and/or applicable New York Stock Exchange rules and regulations, and to providesuch other customary information as reasonably requested by the Company; and provided, further that any JANA Nominee mayparticipate in the March Board Meeting telephonically if unable to attend in person.(b) The Company agrees that: (1) the Board will not approve any material new transactions prior to the March Board Meeting;(2) at the 2014 annual meeting of the Company’s shareholders (the “2014 Annual Meeting”), the Board willnominate the JANA Nominees (other than in the case of the resignation, refusal or inability of any such person to serve, in whichcase, the Board shall nominate his/her substitute chosen in accordance with Section 3(c)), together with the other persons included inthe Company’s slate of nominees for election as director at the 2014 Annual Meeting in accordance with Section 3(d), as directors ofthe Company, in each case with a term expiring at the 2015 annual meeting of the Company’s shareholders (the “2015 AnnualMeeting”);(3) the Board will recommend that the shareholders of the Company vote to elect the JANA Nominees asdirectors of the Company at the 2014 Annual Meeting;(4) the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts (which shall include the solicitation of proxies) to obtainthe election of the JANA Nominees at the 2014 Annual Meeting (it being understood that such efforts shall be not less than theefforts used by the Company to obtain the election of any other independent (as determined under Section 303A of the New YorkStock Exchanges Listed Company Manual) director nominee nominated by it to serve as a director on the Board at the 2014 AnnualMeeting); and(5) two individuals who are Company directors as of the date of this Agreement (other than Martin M.Koffel, or in addition to Mr. Koffel if applicable under Section 4(b) of this Agreement) will not seek re-election to the Board at the2014 Annual Meeting, and the Company shall not seek to fill such vacancies.(c) The Company agrees that if any of the JANA Nominees resigns as a director or otherwise refuses to or is unableto serve as a director at any time prior to the 2015 Annual Meeting, including as a result of death or disability, JANA shall be entitledto designate a replacement director who shall be independent of JANA, would be considered an independent director of the Companyunder Section 303A of the New York Stock Exchange’s Listed Company Manual, is reasonably acceptable to the Board as areplacement director and has a comparable amount of business experience, although such experience need not be in the sameindustry or industries, and is in equally good standing in all material respects, as the JANA Nominee being replaced. For the avoidanceof doubt, the substitute director shall thereafter be deemed a JANA Nominee for purposes of this Agreement and be entitled to thesame rights and subject to the same requirements under this Agreement applicable to the resigning JANA Nominee prior to his or herresignation, and such person shall be appointed to the Board to serve the unexpired term, if any, of such JANA Nominee.(d) Other than the JANA Nominees, the Board will only nominate eight (8) individuals for election at the 2014 AnnualMeeting, including Mr. Koffel subject to Section 4(b) of this Agreement.(e) Promptly following the 2014 Annual Meeting, the Board will decrease the size of the Board to twelve (12)members. Until the 2015 Annual Meeting, the Company shall not increase the size of the Board in excess of twelve (12) members,and shall not decrease the size of the Board if such decrease would require the resignation of one or more of the JANA Nominees.Other than for vacancies filled pursuant to Section 3(c) or arising as a result of a breach of this Agreement by the Company, nothingin this Agreement shall prevent the Company from filling all vacancies in accordance with the By-Laws of the Company. (f) The Company will take appropriate action so that, prior to the 2015 Annual Meeting, its director change of positionpolicy does not require a JANA Nominee to resign by reason of any material change in his or her primary job responsibility or positionheld at the time such JANA Nominee was appointed to the Board.4. CEO Succession.(a) At the March Board Meeting, the Company shall appoint two JANA Nominees chosen by JANA to the CEOSuccession Committee of the Board (the “CEO Succession Committee”) and shall appoint such JANA Nominees to any othercommittee currently or in the future designated to review or oversee the selection process for a successor to Mr. Koffel as chiefexecutive officer or substantially similar position (the “New CEO”), and shall not otherwise increase the size of the CEO SuccessionCommittee or any such other committee. In the event of the replacement as set forth in Section 3(c) of any JANA Nomineeappointed to the CEO Succession Committee pursuant to this Section 5, his or her successor shall be promptly appointed to thecommittee seat vacated by such former director to serve until the 2015 Annual Meeting. The CEO Succession Committee and anyother committee currently or in the future designated to review or oversee the selection process for the New CEO shall not take anymaterial action prior to the March Board Meeting.(b) In order to ensure an orderly transition, Mr. Koffel may in his sole discretion continue (including, for the avoidanceof doubt, after the 2014 Annual Meeting) as the Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and a director of the Companyduring the selection process for the New CEO until the Board shall appoint the New CEO, which shall not be later than the earlier ofDecember 31, 2014, or Mr. Koffel’s voluntary resignation from such positions; provided that Mr. Koffel will resign as a director ofthe Company and the Chairman of the Board upon the effectiveness of the Board’s appointment of the New CEO; provided, further,that nothing contained herein is intended to modify any employment agreement, equity award, retirement plan or other pre-existingobligation of the Company to Martin Koffel or to impose any additional obligations on Martin Koffel (beyond the obligation to resign asprovided in this Section 4(b)). The Board shall appoint the New CEO as a director of the Company with a term expiring at theCompany’s next annual meeting after his or her appointment.5. Compensation Committee. At the March Board Meeting, the Company shall appoint one JANA Nominee chosen by JANA(provided that such JANA Nominee must have prior experience serving on the Compensation Committee of a public companyincorporated in the United States and listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange or NASDAQ) to the CompensationCommittee of the Board (the “Compensation Committee”), and shall not otherwise increase the size of the Compensation Committeeuntil the 2015 Annual Meeting. In the event of the replacement as set forth in Section 3(c) of any JANA Nominee appointed to theCompensation Committee pursuant to this Section 5, his or her successor shall be promptly appointed to the committee seat vacatedby such former director to serve until the 2015 Annual Meeting. The Compensation Committee and any other committee currently orin the future designated to review or oversee compensation shall not take any material action prior to the March Board Meeting.6. Value Creation Committee and Other Matters.(a) At the March Board Meeting, the Board shall establish a new committee of the Board (the “Value CreationCommittee”), whose purpose will be to evaluate all options for enhancing shareholder value, including by (i) engaging Bank ofAmerica Merrill Lynch, or if Bank of America Merrill Lynch is unavailable or the Company is unable to reach acceptable terms withMerrill Lynch Bank of America despite using reasonable best efforts to do so, another investment bank mutually agreeable to theCompany and JANA, as promptly as practicable, to review all options for enhancing value, including by conducting a strategic reviewof the Company’s business, operations and capital structure; (ii) engaging a cost consultant, mutually agreeable to the Company and JANA, to conduct a cost review commencing withthe completion of the investment banker review described in clause (ii) above; and (iii) reviewing the Company’s managementcompensation structure to enhance alignment with shareholder value creation. There shall be four (4) members of the Value CreationCommittee, two (2) of whom shall be JANA Nominees chosen by JANA, and the Board shall not increase the size of the ValueCreation Committee until the 2015 Annual Meeting, if still in existence at such time. In the event of the replacement as set forth inSection 3(c) of any JANA Nominee appointed to the Value Creation Committee pursuant to this Section 5, his or her successor shallbe promptly appointed to the committee seat vacated by such former director to serve until the 2015 Annual Meeting(b) The Company hereby agrees that it will not make any acquisitions during the Cooperation Period, except forordinary course acquisitions individually under 10 million (not to exceed 30 million in the aggregate) or acquisitions that a majority ofthe JANA Nominees have recommended.7. Cooperation.(a) JANA agrees that, from the date of this Agreement until the earliest of (i) the date that is thirty (30) calendardays prior to any applicable deadline by which a shareholder must give notice to the Company of its intention to nominate a directorfor election at or bring other business before the 2015 Annual Meeting under the Company’s ByLaws and (ii) any material breach ofthis Agreement by the Company (provided that the Company shall have three (3) business days following written notice from JANAof material breach to remedy such material breach if capable of remedy) (such period, the “Cooperation Period”), neither it nor any ofits Affiliates or Associates will in any manner, directly or indirectly, make, or cause to be made, or in any way encourage any otherperson to make or cause to be made, any statement or announcement that relates to and constitutes an ad hominem attack on, orrelates to and otherwise disparages, the Company, any of its officers or directors or any person who has served as an officer ordirector of the Company, including: (i) in any document or report filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission(the “SEC”) or any other governmental agency, (ii) in any press release or other publicly available format or (iii) to any journalist ormember of the media (including without limitation, in a television, radio, newspaper or magazine interview), or otherwise; provided,that if the Company makes any material announcement prior to the March Board Meeting, JANA will be permitted to make objectivestatements that solely reflect JANA’s view, as a shareholder, with respect to such announcement.(b) The Company agrees that, from the date of this Agreement until the earliest of (i) the date that is thirty (30)calendar days prior to any applicable deadline by which a shareholder must give notice to the Company of its intention to nominate adirector for election at or bring other business before the 2015 Annual Meeting under the Company’s ByLaws and (ii) any materialbreach of this Agreement by JANA (provided that JANA shall have three (3) business days following written notice from theCompany of material breach to remedy such material breach if capable of remedy), neither it nor any of its Affiliates or Associateswill in any manner, directly or indirectly make, or cause to be made, or in any way encourage any other person to make or cause to bemade, any statement or announcement that relates to and constitutes an ad hominem attack on, or relates to and otherwise disparages,JANA, any of its members, officers or directors or any person who has served as a member, officer or director of JANA, including:(i) in any document or report filed with or furnished to the SEC or any other governmental agency, (ii) in any press release or otherpublicly available format or (iii) to any journalist or member of the media (including without limitation, in a television, radio, newspaperor magazine interview), or otherwise. (c) The limitations set forth in Sections 7(a) and 7(b) shall not prevent either party from responding to any publicstatement made by the other party of the nature described in Sections 7(a) and 7(b) if such statement by the other party was made inbreach of this Agreement.(d) During the Cooperation Period, JANA shall cause all shares of the Company’s capital stock (“Shares”)beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by it, or by any of its Affiliates or Associates (including without limitation all Sharesbeneficially owned as of the respective record dates for the 2014 Annual Meeting and as of the record dates for any special meetingof shareholders) over which it exercises or has voting authority, to be present for quorum purposes and to be voted, at such meetingsor at any adjournments or postponements thereof, in favor of the current members of the Board (including the JANA Nominees) thatwill be up for election at such meetings, and not to submit any proposal for consideration at, or bring any other business before, the2014 Annual Meeting or initiate, encourage or participate in any “withhold” or similar campaign with respect to the election ofdirectors at the 2014 Annual Meeting and shall not permit any of its Affiliates or Associates to do any of the foregoing or publicly orprivately encourage or support any other stockholder to take any such actions.(e) During the Cooperation Period, JANA will not, and shall cause its Affiliates and Associates to not, directly orindirectly, without the prior written consent of the Company: (i) acquire, seek or propose (publicly or otherwise) to acquire, beneficialownership, directly or indirectly, of any additional Shares or rights or options to acquire any additional Shares if such acquisition wouldcause JANA’s beneficial ownership to exceed 14.9% of the Company’s common stock; (ii) publicly seek or propose to influence orcontrol the management or policies of the Company, seek or propose (publicly or otherwise) to obtain representation on the Board(except as set forth herein), or solicit, or participate in the solicitation of, any proxies or consents with respect to any securities of theCompany, or publicly request permission to do any of the foregoing, or take any action which would, or would reasonably be expectedto, require public disclosure regarding any of the types of matters set forth in this clause (ii); (iii) submit (publicly or otherwise) aproposal for, or offer of (with or without conditions) any extraordinary transaction (including a tender offer, exchange offer, merger,acquisition or consolidation) involving the Company or its securities or assets or take any action which would, or would reasonably beexpected to, require public disclosure regarding any of the types of matters set forth in this clause (iii); (iv) request (publicly orotherwise) a special meeting of the Company’s shareholders or submit, or participate in, any shareholder proposal to the Company orany “shareholder access” proposal that may be adopted by the SEC; or (v) encourage, assist or enter into any discussions,negotiations, arrangements or understandings with any third party with respect to any of the foregoing, or otherwise form, join or inany way participate in a “group” (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) in connection with any of the foregoing. JANAalso agrees not to, and to cause its Affiliates and Associates not to, request during the Cooperation Period that the Company (or itsdirectors, officers, employees or agents), directly or indirectly, amend or waive any provision of this Section (including this sentence),publicly or in a manner that would require public disclosure of such request.(f) Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to limit JANA’s ability to provide its views privately to the Board onany matter or to privately request a waiver of any provision of this Agreement, provided that such actions are not reasonablyexpected to require public disclosure of such actions.8. Public Announcement and SEC Filing.(a) JANA and the Company shall announce this Agreement and the material terms hereof including the terms ofSection 6 by means of a joint press release in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the “Press Release”) as soon as practicable butin no event later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on March 17, 2014. (b) JANA shall promptly prepare and file an amendment (the “13D Amendment”) to its Schedule 13D with respect tothe Company filed with the SEC on February 27, 2014 reporting the entry into this Agreement and amending applicable items toconform to its obligations hereunder. The 13D Amendment shall be consistent with the Press Release and the terms of thisAgreement. JANA shall provide the Company with reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon the 13D Amendment prior tofiling, and shall consider in good faith any changes proposed by the Company necessary to cause such 13D Amendment to complywith this Agreement.9. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:(a) the terms “Affiliate” and “Associate” shall have the respective meanings set forth in Rule 12b2 promulgated bythe SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”);(b) the terms “beneficial owner” and “beneficially own” shall have the same meanings as set forth in Rule 13d3promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act except that a person shall also be deemed to be the beneficial owner of all Shareswhich such person has the right to acquire (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time) pursuantto the exercise of any rights in connection with any securities or any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether or not inwriting), regardless of when such rights may be exercised and whether they are conditional, and all Shares which such person or anyof such person’s Affiliates or Associates has or shares the right to vote or dispose; and(c) the terms “person” or “persons” shall mean any individual, corporation (including notforprofit), general or limitedpartnership, limited liability or unlimited liability company, joint venture, estate, trust, association, organization or other entity of any kindor nature.10. Notices. All notices, consents, requests, instructions, approvals and other communications provided for herein and all legalprocess in regard hereto shall be in writing and shall be deemed validly given, made or served, if (a) given by telecopy and email,when such telecopy is transmitted to the telecopy number set forth below and sent to the email address set forth below and theappropriate confirmation is received or (b) if given by any other means, when actually received during normal business hours at theaddress specified in this Section:if to the Company:URS Corporation600 Montgomery Street, 26th FloorSan Francisco, California 94111Attention: General CounselFacsimile: (415) 834-1506Email: joseph.mastersurs.com with a copy to:Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen Katz51 W. 52nd StreetNew York, NY 10019Attention: David E. ShapiroFacsimile: (212) 403-2000Email: DEShapirowlrk.com if to JANA:JANA Partners LLC767 Fifth Avenue, 8th FloorNew York, New York 10153Attention: General CounselFacsimile: (212) 455-0901Email: jennifer.fanjiangjanapartners.com with a copy to:Schulte Roth Zabel919 Third AvenueNew York, NY 10022Attention: Marc WeingartenFacsimile: (212) 593-5955Email: marc.weingartensrz.com 11. Specific Performance; Remedies.(a) In furtherance and not in limitation of Section 11(b), the parties hereto shall be entitled to seek an injunction orinjunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement, in additionto any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. FURTHERMORE, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO (A)IRREVOCABLY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AND (B) AGREES TO WAIVE ANY BONDINGREQUIREMENT UNDER ANY APPLICABLE LAW, IN THE CASE ANY OTHER PARTY SEEKS TO ENFORCE THETERMS BY WAY OF EQUITABLE RELIEF. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED IN ALL RESPECTS,INCLUDING VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION AND EFFECT, BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWAREWITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES OF SUCH STATE.(b) Notwithstanding any other Section in this Agreement and without limiting any other remedies the Company mayhave in law or equity, in the event that JANA (or any Affiliate or Associate of JANA) fails to perform or otherwise fulfill itsobligations set forth in Section 7 in any material respect, and shall not have remedied such failure or non-fulfillment if capable of beingremedied or fulfilled within three (3) business days following written notice from the Company of such failure or non-fulfillment, theCompany shall not be required to perform or fulfill its obligations set forth in Sections 3, 4, 5 or 7 and the JANA Nominees shall eachpromptly tender their resignation as a member of the Board effective immediately upon its acceptance by the Company. As acondition to nomination and/or appointment to the Board pursuant to this Agreement, each JANA Nominee shall have executed anirrevocable letter agreement with the Company in which each such JANA Nominee shall agree to resign if required in accordancewith the immediately preceding sentence.12. Severability. If at any time subsequent to the date hereof, any provision of this Agreement shall be held by any court ofcompetent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable, such provision shall be of no force and effect, but the illegality orunenforceability of such provision shall have no effect upon the legality or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement.13. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate on the expiry of the Cooperation Period.14. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts which together shall constitute a singleagreement.15. No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is solely for the benefit of the parties hereto and is not enforceable by anyother persons. 16. No Waiver. No failure or delay by either party in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiverthereof, nor shall any single or partial waiver thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other rightor remedy hereunder.17. Entire Understanding. This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matterhereof and may be amended only by an agreement in writing executed by the parties hereto.18. Interpretation and Construction.(a) The Company acknowledges that its Board is bound by the obligations of the Company hereunder.(b) Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that it has been represented by counsel of its choice throughout allnegotiations that have preceded the execution of this Agreement, and that it has executed the same with the advice of said counsel.Each party and its counsel cooperated and participated in the drafting and preparation of this Agreement and the documents referredto herein, and any and all drafts relating thereto exchanged among the parties shall be deemed the work product of all of the partiesand may not be construed against any party by reason of its drafting or preparation. Accordingly, any rule of law or any legal decisionthat would require interpretation of any ambiguities in this Agreement against any party that drafted or prepared it is of no applicationand is hereby expressly waived by each of the parties hereto, and any controversy over interpretations of this Agreement shall bedecided without regard to events of drafting or preparation. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the duly authorized signatories of theparties as of the date hereof. URS CORPORATION By: /s/ Martin M. KoffelName: Martin M. KoffelTitle: Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer JANA PARTNERS LLC By: /s/ Barry RosensteinName: Barry RosensteinTitle: Managing Partner EXHIBIT AURS CORPORATION ADDS FOUR NEW INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS TO BOARD JANA Partners Agrees to Support All Nominees at 2014 Annual Meeting Board to Establish Value Creation Committee SAN FRANCISCO, CA March [XX], 2014 URS Corporation (NYSE: URS) today announced that it will addfour new independent directors to its Board of Directors, effective March 27, 2014. These four directors will be on URS’ slate ofdirectors nominated for election to the Board of Directors at the Company’s 2014 Annual Meeting, along with eight incumbents,pursuant to an agreement with JANA Partners LLC. The four new directors will be: Diane C. Creel, William H. Schumann, III,David N. Siegel and V. Paul Unruh. Biographical information on the new directors is provided below.Current directors [A] and [B] have advised the Company that they do not plan to stand for re-election at the 2014Annual Meeting. Therefore, from March 27, 2014 until the Annual Meeting, the Board will increase to fourteen members from thecurrent ten, but will be comprised of twelve directors following the 2014 Annual Meeting.Under the agreement with JANA, URS will also form a Value Creation Committee of the Board that will evaluate alloptions for enhancing shareholder value, including by engaging an investment bank to conduct a strategic review of theCompany’s business segments, operations and capital structure, and reviewing the Company’s management compensationstructure to enhance alignment with shareholder value creation. The Committee will be comprised of four members, two of whomwill be new directors.Martin M. Koffel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of URS, stated: “[A] and [B] are superb directors and havecontributed much to our success, but each has decided for his own reasons not to stand for re-election. I and their fellow boardmembers look forward to continuing to work with them until the Annual Meeting but will take this opportunity to express ourgratitude for their service, sound counsel and friendship.”Koffel continued: “With [A]’s and [B]’s decisions to stand down and the expansion of our Board, we are adding fournew, highly qualified independent directors to the Board on March 27 and we will nominate these directors for election at the2014 Annual Meeting. All are accomplished business leaders with experience relevant to the URS enterprise, and we are confident that they will prove to be valuable additions as we continue working to buildvalue for our stockholders.”As previously disclosed, the URS Board has been engaged in succession planning for the Company’s Chief ExecutiveOfficer position and has appointed a CEO Succession Committee comprised of independent directors. Two of the new directorswill promptly be appointed to this Committee. One of the new directors will also be appointed to the Compensation Committee.Said Koffel, “Having led URS for more than 25 years, I had previously communicated to the Board that it was importantto have my successor in place in 2014, and our goal is to do just that. The Board has asked me to remain as Chairman and ChiefExecutive Officer until a successor is named, which I expect to do unless circumstances change.”Barry Rosenstein, Managing Partner of JANA Partners, said, “We have appreciated our constructive dialogue withMartin Koffel and his team. We share their view that the Company is significantly undervalued, particularly given its strong cashflows and the valuable work Martin and his team have done over many years to ensure that URS is well-positioned to meet theneeds of its clients. I am confident that the addition of four highly-qualified directors and the formation of the Value CreationCommittee will help unlock this value for all shareholders.” JANA Partners currently owns approximately 9.7 percent of theCompany’s common shares outstanding.URS’ incumbent directors expected to be nominated for reelection at the 2014 Annual Meeting are: [C]; [D]; [E]; [F];[G]; [H]; [I]; and [J].The director nominations will be included in the Company’s 2014 proxy statement and submitted for stockholderapproval at the Companys 2014 Annual Meeting, [to be held on [date]]. The Company expects to file its proxy materials for the2014 Annual Meeting [in the near future] and encourages stockholders to review the proxy materials when they become available.The agreement between URS and JANA Partners will be filed on Form 8-K with the Securities and ExchangeCommission. The agreement includes certain standstill restrictions that will be in effect until 30 days prior to the deadline by whicha shareholder must give notice to the Company of its intention to nominate a director at or bring other business before the 2015Annual Meeting. JANA Partners has committed to vote the shares that it controls in support of URS’ twelve director nominees at the Company’s 2014 Annual Meeting.Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen Katz and Cooley LLP are serving as legal advisors to URS. Biographical Information on New Director Nominees Diane Creel, 65Ms. Diane Creel retired as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Ecovation, Inc., a subsidiary of EcolabInc. and a waste stream technology company using patented technologies, in September 2008. Ms. Creel had held such positionssince 2003. Previously, Ms. Creel served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Earth Tech, an international consultingengineering firm, which is now part of AECOM, from 1992 to 2003. Ms. Creel has served on the ATI Board of Directors since1996 and as Lead Independent Director since the position was established in September 2011. Ms. Creel is also a member ofthe Boards of Directors of The Timken Company (since 2012) and Enpro Industries, Inc. (since 2009). She also served on theBoard of Directors of Goodrich Corporation from 1997 to 2012 and Foster Wheeler Ltd. until 2008. William H. Schumann, III, 63Mr. William H. Schumann, III, has served as the non-executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Avnet, Inc., adistributor of electronic components, since November 2012 and has been on the board since 2010. He retired in August 2012 asExecutive Vice President of FMC Technologies, Inc., a provider of technology solutions for the energy industry. He served asChief Financial Officer of FMC Technologies from 2001 to 2011 and Chief Financial Officer of FMC Corporation (thepredecessor to FMC Technologies) from 1999 to 2001. Mr. Schumann served on the board of UAP Holdings, an agriculturalchemical distributor, from 2005 to 2008 and Great Lakes Advisors, a registered investment advisor, from 1992 to 2011. Mr.Schumann has been a director of AMCOL International Corporation, a producer of specialty materials and related products andservices for industrial and consumer markets, since 2012 and McDermott International, Inc., an engineering and constructioncompany, since 2012. David N. Siegel, 52David N. Siegel is President CEO of Frontier Airlines and serves on its board of directors. He was a Director ofRepublic Airways, from October 2009 to December 2013, including serving as Lead Independent Director from May 2011 untilJanuary 2012 when he was appointed President CEO of Frontier, at the time a wholly-owned subsidiary of Republic. Prior tojoining Frontier, Mr. Siegel was Chairman CEO of XOJET, a private aviation company, controlled by TPG Capital. From June2004 to May 2008, Mr. Siegel was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and from June 2008 to April 2009 Chairman, ofgategroup Holding AG, the worlds largest independent airline catering, hospitality and logistics company. Prior to that, Mr. Siegelserved as President, Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of US Airways Group, Inc., and US Airways, Inc., theairline operating unit. Prior to US Airways, Mr. Siegel was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Avis Rent A Car System,Inc., a subsidiary of Cendant Corp. Mr. Siegel also spent seven years at Continental Airlines in various senior management roles,including President of its Continental Express subsidiary. Mr. Siegel is currently a member of the board of directors of gategroupHolding AG, having served since June 2004. V. Paul Unruh, 65Mr. V. Paul Unruh retired as vice chairman of Bechtel Group, Inc. in June 2003. During his 25-year tenure he held anumber of management positions including treasurer, controller, and chief financial officer. He also served as president of BechtelEnterprises, the finance, development, and ownership arm, from 1997 to 2001. Unruh is also a certified public accountant. Mr.Unruh is currently a member of the board of directors of Symantec Corporation, a provider of security, backup and availabilitysolutions, Move, Inc., a provider of real estate media and technology solutions, and Heidrick Struggles International, Inc., aprovider of executive search and leadership consulting services. He also serves on the boards of two private companies.URS Corporation (NYSE: URS) is a leading provider of engineering, construction, and technical services for publicagencies and private sector companies around the world. The Company offers a full range of program management; planning,design and engineering; systems engineering and technical assistance; construction and construction management; operations and maintenance; informationtechnology; and decommissioning and closure services. URS provides services for federal, oil and gas, infrastructure, power, andindustrial projects and programs. Headquartered in San Francisco, URS Corporation has more than 50,000 employees in anetwork of offices in nearly 50 countries (www.urs.com). [add FLS Tag]