EXHIBIT 10.11 NETWORK 1 FINANCIAL CORPORATION AFFILIATE OFFICE AGREEMENTTHIS AGREEMENT is entered into by and between NETWORK 1 FINANCIAL, INC.("NETWORK 1"), a Virginia Corporation with its principal place of business at1501 Farm Credit Drive, Suite 1500, McLean, Virginia 22102-5004, and PaymentData Systems, Inc., the Affiliate Office ("AFFILIATE"), a Nevada Corporationwith its principal place of business at 12500 San Pedro Suite 120 San Antonio,TX 78216. NETWORK 1 and Affiliate hereby agree as follows: RECITALSWHEREAS, Network 1 Financial, Inc. ("Network 1") provides through various MemberBank(s) ("Member"), VISA and MasterCard processing and related paymentprocessing services ("Services") to merchant(s) ("Merchant(s)") in accordancewith the terms of certain Agreement (s) between Network 1, Member and othersettlement/transaction processing providers; andWHEREAS, the Network 1 desires to locate individuals to market Services asContractor(s) (the "Contractors") of Network 1;WHEREAS, Affiliate desires to establish an "Affiliate Office" on behalf ofNetwork 1 and Affiliate to market the Services of Network 1 and its subsidiariesand to locate Contractors on behalf of Network 1, Member, and Affiliate and toprovide a "Local Office" for such Contractors on the terms and for theconsideration set forth herein; AndWHEREAS, Affiliate requires a referral arrangement while Affiliate isnegotiating an ISO sponsorship agreement with Network 1 and Harris Bank and thisAgreement shall govern the agreement between the parties until such time thatthe ISO sponsorship agreement has been approval and executed in which case theProcessing Agreement, ISO sponsorship Agreement, and Three Party Agreement willgovern the relationship and this Agreement shall be terminated without penaltyor prejudice;NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for the mutual promisesset forth herein, the parties hereby agree as follows: ARTICLE I [OBLIGATIONS OF AFFILIATES]OBLIGATIONS OF AFFILIATES1.01 CONTRACTORS. Affiliate shall use its best efforts to market and sellto commercial businesses the Services of Network 1 and Network 1s subsidiariesand to locate individuals who are willing and capable of acting as Contractorsof Network 1 and Affiliate subject to the approval of all such individuals byNetwork 1 as set out in Section 2.01 [CONTRACTORS]. All such Contractors must processMerchant applications and transactions exclusively through Network 1. Network 1consents to waive said exclusivity requirement with respect to specificMerchants in the event Network 1 (i) is unable to process for such specificMerchant, and (ii) the declined Merchant is not accepted for processing by aprovider that Network 1 designates for specific Merchants that are declined byNetwork 1 ("B Bank Source"). Affiliate shall disclose to Network 1 allinformation known to Affiliate with respect to the background, character,employment history, business experience and other information regarding eachprospective Contractor relevant to Network 1s determination whether to acceptor not accept each prospective Contractor.1.02 LOCAL OFFICE (AFFILIATE OFFICE). Affiliate shall locate, establish andmaintain such offices (the "Local Office"), as it deems necessary for use by allContractors identified by Affiliate and accepted by Network 1. Network 1expressly agrees that Affiliate shall not be geographically restricted in itsestablishment of such offices. Local Office has met the satisfaction of Network1 in terms of space, quality, appearance, equipment, supplies, office hours,support staff, working conditions, and other factors materially affecting theworking conditions of its Contractors. All Local Offices shall bear signs,emblems and other insignia, including a telephone number, indicating that theoffice is in fact an office of Network 1 subject to the conditions of 4.02.However, all leases, utility listing, telecommunication, furniture and equipmentexpense, employment contracts for support personnel and other contracts relatingto the operation of the Local Office shall be in the name of the Affiliate andshall be the sole responsibility of the Affiliate.1.03 REQUIRED REGISTRATION. All of the Contractors located by Affiliatemust also be registered representative through Network 1 pursuant to theregistration documents noted on Exhibit D.Source: USIO, INC., SB-2, 4/28/20041.04 PURCHASE AND LEASE OF EQUIPMENT. All equipment and software sold,leased or otherwise provided by Affiliate to Merchants and Commercial Businesses(whether sold directly, through Contractors, or leasing companies) relating toany services provided by Network 1 may be purchased from Network 1. Network 1agrees to sell such Equipment and Software to Affiliate at prices pursuant to aprice list established by Network 1 and provided to the Affiliate. TheAffiliate shall be responsible for and hereby guarantees the payments of allamounts owed to Network 1 with respects to the purchase of Equipment andSoftware from Network 1 by merchant or commercial business.1.05 NETWORK 1 TO APPROVE ALL MERCHANTS AGREEMENTS. Affiliate agrees tosubmit all Merchant Agreements procured by Affiliate in accordance with thisAgreement to Network 1. Network 1 agrees to review and approve or decline allMerchant Agreements submitted by Affiliate to Network 1 in accordance withNetwork 1s approval policy. Affiliate acknowledges that approval of a Merchantcreates a customer relationship between Bank and the Merchant, which involves,among other things, the collection and disbursement of funds to process andsettle Merchant Transactions. Bank and Network 1 shall, in its sole discretion,make the final decision as to whether or not approve or decline any MerchantAgreement submitted to Bank in accordance with this Agreement. Network 1 agreesto make reasonable efforts to review and approve or decline all MerchantAgreements submitted to Network 1.1.06 RESTRICTED MERCHANTS AND MERCHANT ACTIVITIES. Affiliate shall marketonly to bona fide and lawful retail, MO/TO, and Internet businesses, all inaccordance with Merchant Program Standards established by Network 1. Affiliateshall not engage in factoring or laundering or promote the same. Factoring orlaundering, for purpose of this Agreement, means the processing or attemptedprocessing of Merchant Transactions through a Merchant Account other than thatwhich is the Merchant Account of the Merchant processing or attempting toprocess the Merchant Transaction. At the Affiliate request, a boarded Merchantmay be terminated from services so long as good reason exists. ARTICLE II [RIGHTS OF NETWORK 1]RIGHTS OF NETWORK 12.01 CONTRACTORS. Network 1 shall have the right, at its discretion, toaccept, not accept, terminate or otherwise deal with any individuals located byAffiliate pursuant to Section 1.01 [CONTRACTORS]. All individuals identified by Affiliateshall be subject to the rules imposed by Network 1, VISA, MasterCard, NACHA, andthe Member bank ("Member") utilized by Network 1, including rules pertaining toqualification disqualification, conduct and otherwise, and shall agree to enterinto, and shall in fact enter into, a three party Contractor Agreement in theform attached hereto as Exhibit 1 as amended from time to time.2.02 LOCAL OFFICE. Network 1 shall have the right to inspect the LocalOffices during normal business hours to insure compliance by Affiliate with isobligations pursuant to Section 1.02 [LOCAL OFFICE (AFFILIATE OFFICE)].2.03 RETENTION OF CONTRACTORS. In the event that this contract betweenNetwork 1 and Affiliate is terminated for any reason, the Contractors located byAffiliate shall remain Contractors of Network 1.(A) RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL. If during the term of this Agreement for anyrenewal of this Agreement (the "Right of First Refusal Period"), Affiliate shallreceive (i) any Bona Fide Offer to purchase the revenue due Affiliate under thisAgreement or Affiliates company through an asset purchase or merger (in whichcase Network 1 shall be subordinate to the Checkfree first refusal right), or(ii) a Bona Fide Offer to acquire or merge with or into Affiliate (in which caseNetwork 1 shall be subordinate to the Checkfree first refusal right), Affiliateshall immediately give written notice (the "Offer Notice") to Network 1 of theterms and conditions of the Bona Fide Offer, including without limitation theprice. Network 1 shall have the exclusive right of first refusal to purchaseall or any part of the revenue due Affiliate or acquire Affiliate (as the casemay be) on the same terms and conditions as the Bona Fide Offer. If Network 1desires to exercise its rights under this Section it will give written notice toAffiliate within 15 business days of receipt of the Offer. The failure byNetwork 1 to exercise its rights within the 15-day period shall be deemed awaiver of such right. Any changes in the terms of the Bona Fide Offer as wellas any subsequent Bona Fide Offer received by Affiliate shall require fullcompliance by Affiliate with the procedures in this Section.(b) CLIENT shall have the right to withdraw ("Transfer") Merchants from theMerchant Program, provided (i) that CLIENT shall have given 120 days writtennotice to NET1, (ii) that Affiliate is not in, and has not breached any terms ofthis Agreement, (iii) NW1 has waived its rights in Section 2.03 (a) [RETENTION OF CONTRACTORS] (iv) 18months have lapsed under this Agreement and (v) Affiliate pays the applicableExit Fee as defined in section 7.6 (c) below. NET1 agrees that it shall use itsreasonable efforts to cause the prompt and orderly Transfer of all Merchants tothe processor or processors selected by Affiliate. Affiliate agrees that inSource: USIO, INC., SB-2, 4/28/2004addition to the Exit Fee, all out of pocket and reasonable reimbursement ofstaff expenses shall be paid prior to the Transfer of the Merchants from NET1 orHarris Bank.(c) The Exit Fee shall be paid by Affiliate immediately prior to theassignment or Transfer of Merchants and/or its net revenue. The amount of theExit Fee during and following the termination of this Agreement shall be definedas the following: (1) the aggregate sum, per transferring merchant, equal toeighteen (18) months net recurring revenue normally paid to Affiliate under thecompensation terms of this Agreement to a maximum of 250,000. ARTICLE III [COMPENSATION]COMPENSATION3.01 AMOUNT. As compensation for Affiliates services hereunder, Network 1,or an affiliate, shall pay to Affiliate the following (the "Affiliates Fee"):A. The surplus funding amount after costs noted in Exhibit A based on allMerchant applications obtained for Equipment and Products sold or leased byAffiliate or Contractors located by Affiliate pursuant to Section 1.01 [CONTRACTORS].Affiliate shall receive the buy rate with revenue share as noted in Exhibit A.B. Affiliate acknowledges and agrees that all merchants and subscribingbusinesses referred by Affiliate are a party to a contract with Network 1 andits Member bank and that Network 1 and the Member bank has a direct contractualrelationship with the merchants and subscribing businesses. Network 1acknowledges and agrees that Affiliate has certain rights to residual revenue asspecifically defined in this agreement. Affiliate acknowledges and agrees thatit has no claims or rights of ownership over Merchants and subscribingbusinesses, Unless ISO agreement is consummated or Network 1 does not approveAffiliate or Network 1 cancels Affiliate and that it is a service provider to acustomer of Network 1 (namely Merchants and subscribing businesses). In suchcase, Affiliate shall have the right to Transfer accounts in accordance withSection 2.03 (b) [RETENTION OF CONTRACTORS] and 2.03 (c). The Affiliates Fees outlined in Exhibit Aattached hereto and incorporated herein shall be subject to modification byNetwork 1, at its discretion, upon the giving of thirty-days (30) prior writtennotification.3.02 PAYMENT. The Affiliates Fee payable pursuant to this agreement shallbe payable as outlined in Exhibit A. All payments to Affiliate are subject toNetwork 1 receipt of all amounts payable to Network 1 by the Member Bank withrespect to the transaction giving rise to Affiliates Fee. Network 1 shall haveno liability with respect to the payment of such Affiliates Fee (for anyspecific Merchant) under Section 3.01 [AMOUNT] unless and until Network 1 receives theabove referenced payment for Merchant. In the event Merchant rejects fees forany reason, the fees due to Affiliate shall not be due and only payable uponNetwork 1s receipt of such payment. Payments will be made on or before the 25thof each calendar month.3.03 LOSSES. All losses or charges arising from acts or omissions of theAffiliate, Contractors located by the Affiliate, or arising from transactions,chargebacks, lost revenues due to account cancellation or rejected feecollections, acts or omissions of Merchants obtained by Contractors located byAffiliate shall be borne as set out in Exhibit C. ARTICLE IV [RESTRICTIONS ON AFFILIATE]RESTRICTIONS ON AFFILIATE4.01 RESTRICTIONS. Affiliate shall not, without the express written consentof Network 1:i. Contact or otherwise deal directly with, VISA, MasterCard or theMember Bank; orii. Make any representations with respect to Network 1, VISA, MasterCard orthe Member Bank; oriii. Make contact with or contract with any vendor of Network 1 or itssubsidiaries including other Affiliates, direct sponsored ISO/MSPs of Network1/Member Bank, or any merchants currently processing with Network 1 or MemberBank.iv. Network 1 expressly understands and gives permission to Affiliate tocontact any organization that Affiliate deems necessary to implement its ISOprogram.4.02 NETWORK 1 NAME USAGE. Affiliate shall use the Network 1 name inRelationship to all Bankcard marketing activity as required by the rules of VISAUSA, International and MasterCard International. Affiliate acknowledges thatthe use of the Network 1 name is on a non-exclusive basis and further agrees tocease using Network 1 name, including but not limited to logo(s) and insignia(s)at the written request of Network 1. In the event this contract terminates forany reason, Affiliate shall immediately cease using the Network 1 name. Theinsignia, logos, Service Marks, trademarks and name of Network 1 are theSource: USIO, INC., SB-2, 4/28/2004absolute and sole right of Network 1 Financial Corporation, a VirginiaCorporation. ARTICLE V [TERM AND TERMINATION]TERM AND TERMINATION5.01 TERM. The term ("Term") of this Agreement shall be for one hundredeighty days (180) from the date set forth below unless Network 1 or Visa orMasterCard or Harris Bank doesnt approve Affiliates ISO application, in whichcase, the Term will be 3 years. This Agreement will automatically renew forsuccessive one-year terms unless terminated by either party by providing theother with 30 days written notice that this Agreement will not be renewed orAffiliate enters into a Processing agreement with Network 1 and an ISOSponsorship agreement with Harris Bank in which case this Agreement willautomatically terminate concurrent with the execution of such agreements.5.02 TERMINATION. Agreement may be terminated prior to the conclusion ofthe Term by giving written notice of termination:A. By either party as a result of default by the other party under thisAgreement and failure to cure said default within thirty (30) days after noticeof said default is given.B. By either party in the event of insolvency, receivership, voluntary orinvoluntary bankruptcy or an assignment for the benefit of creditors of or bythe Affiliate other than in the ordinary course of business. However, Affiliatemay pledge or otherwise collateralize assets for the purpose of securingcommercial loans or lines of credit in the ordinary course of business providedthat such pledge is subordinate to an security interest associated with theMerchant accounts and/or losses from such accounts.C. By Affiliate in the event of any changes in the Affiliates Fee (otherthan direct pass through increases related to Visa and MasterCard interchange,fees, assessments and dues, processor communication costs, and other directincreases including terminal hardware).D. By Network 1, for cause. For purpose hereof; "cause" shall consist of (i)fraud, intentional misrepresentation or negligence by Affiliate or anyContractor located by Affiliate in compiling or providing any informationsubmitted to or relied on by Network 1 to Network 1, whether or not such fraudor misrepresentation is based on a misstatement, omission, a substantive fact,or data; (ii) intentional violations by the Affiliate or any Contractor(s)located by Affiliate of any of the rules or regulations of VISA, MasterCard, theMember Bank or Network 1; and (iii) the providing of vendor services or merchantservices by Affiliate or Contractor(s) located by Affiliate which arecompetitive with Network 1 or without the prior written consent of Network 1,contrary to Section 1.01 [CONTRACTORS] and IV, violation of any clause of Network 1 AffiliateOffice Agreement and failure to cure such violation within 30 days ofnotificationE. By Network 1 in the event any provision of the Sales Certificate or theCode of Ethics is in breach by the Affiliate or Contractor(s) located byAffiliate.F. Affiliate enters into a Processing agreement with Network 1 and an ISOSponsorship agreement with Harris Bank in which case this Agreement willautomatically terminate concurrent with the execution of such agreements. If this Agreement is terminated for cause, all rights of the Affiliate tofuture payments hereunder shall immediately terminate and Transferability willremain in place in accordance with Section 2.03 (b) [RETENTION OF CONTRACTORS] and 2.03 (c).5.03 EFFECT OF TERMINATION. Upon termination of this Agreement, except inthe event of termination due to an uncured default by Affiliate pursuant toSection 5.02 [TERMINATION]A, Network 1 shall continue to pay to the Affiliate the AffiliatesFee described in Section 3.01 [AMOUNT]B for so long as Network 1 continues to processtransactions of the Merchants in accordance with Schedule B attached hereto andAffiliate continues to maintain the merchant accounts, provided, however, thatno such Affiliates Fees shall be earned or paid for any calendar month in whichthe Affiliates Fee does not exceed 500. Upon termination due to an uncureddefault by Affiliate, or termination for cause pursuant to Section 5.02 [TERMINATION]D allAffiliates fees shall cease to be accrued and paid immediately upon theoccurrence of said event. Additionally, upon termination of this contract forany reason, all merchants recruited by Affiliate on behalf of Network 1 for anyproduct offered through Network 1, Affiliate shall not approach, rewrite,pursue, or contract with any current client for the purpose of obtaining saidclient as a new customer for Affiliate or any competing entity the Affiliate maybe in contract with. Such restriction shall also apply to Affiliates past,current and future officers, directors, sales representatives, and Contractors.If terminated for cause Affiliate is responsible for any expense incurred byNetwork 1 for investigating incidents, attorney fees, fines, and administrationexpense. ARTICLE VI [INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR]INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORSource: USIO, INC., SB-2, 4/28/20046.01 NO EMPLOYER-EMPLOYEE RELATIONSHIP. Nothing in this contract or itsfulfillment is intended to create an employer-employee relationship betweenAffiliate and contractors located by Affiliate and Network 1. You must not takea position contrary to your status as an independent contractor. YOU agree toaccept the responsibilities placed on an independent contractor by federal andstate law, regulation, and rule or otherwise.6.02 MANNER MEANS OF WORK CONDUCT. You decide when and where, as well asthe manner and means by which you conduct your work activities. You acknowledgethat you set your business hours.6.03 BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY. You shall be responsible for and pay allexpenses and fees incurred by you, including but not limited to your businessoverhead, transportation, state and federal income taxes, self-employment tax,unemployment tax and workers compensation. You are responsible for and shallpay all taxes, duties, assessments and governmental charges, now or in thefuture, related to carrying out your obligations under this contract and orpayments made to you by Network 1. ARTICLE VII [INDEMNIFICATION]INDEMNIFICATION7.01 AFFILIATE. Affiliate hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmlessNetwork 1, VISA, MasterCard and the Member Bank from and against any loss, costor damage (including reasonable legal fees and court costs) incurred by Network1, VISA, MasterCard and the Member Bank as a result of Affiliates failure tocomply with the terms of this Agreement, Affiliates misrepresentation withrespect to this Agreement or Affiliates knowing or negligent misrepresentationwith respect to Contractors.7.02 NETWORK 1. Network 1 hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmlessAffiliate from and against any loss, cost or damage (including reasonable legalfees and court costs) incurred by Affiliate as a result of Network 1s failureto comply with the terms of this Agreement. ARTICLE VIII [MISCELLANEOUS]MISCELLANEOUS8.01 NOTICES. All notices required hereunder shall be in writing anddelivered in person, by e-mail, facsimile, Federal Express, UPS, or by certifiedor registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Such noticesshall be addressed as follows: To Network 1 To Affiliate Network 1 Financial Payment Data Systems 1501 Farm Credit Drive 12500 San Pedro, Suite 120 Suite 1500 San Antonio, TX 78216 McLean, Virginia 22102-5004 FAX: 210.249.4130All notices shall be deemed given when delivered in person or upon depositingsaid notice in the United States mail with proper postage affixed thereto.8.02 NON-EXCLUSIVITY. Affiliates rights to locate Contractors hereundershall not be exclusive. It is expressly contemplated and understood thatNetwork 1 will utilize other persons and companies to locate Contractors.8.03 AMENDMENT. Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement and theSchedules hereto may not be amended, altered or modified except in writingexecuted by all parties hereto.8.04 BENEFITS AND ASSIGNMENTS. This agreement may be assigned or delegated,in whole or in part, by NETWORK 1 without the prior written consent of the otherparty herein. This agreement may not be assigned or delegated by Affiliatewithout prior written consent from Network 1. Such consent shall not beunreasonably withheld.8.05 GOVERNING LAW. All disputes or claims by Payment Data Systemshereunder shall be resolved by arbitration in McLean, Virginia, pursuant to therules of the American Arbitration Association. All disputes or claims by NETWORK1 hereunder shall be resolved by arbitration in San Antonio, Texas, pursuant tothe rules of the American Arbitration Association.8.06 ARBITRATION. All disputes or claims hereunder shall be resolved byarbitration in McLean, Virginia, pursuant to the rules of the AmericanArbitration Association.8.07 SEVERABILITY. The illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of anyprovision of this Agreement shall not affect the remainder of this Agreement.8.08 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement and the attached Schedules, Exhibitsand Addendums hereto contain the entire understanding of the parties hereto andSource: USIO, INC., SB-2, 4/28/2004supersede all prior agreements with respect to the subject of this Agreement.EXECUTED this ________ day of ______________________, in the year ____________. Network 1 AffiliateBy: ______________________________________ By:________________________________________Authorized Representative Authorized RepresentativeSource: USIO, INC., SB-2, 4/28/2004