DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENTThis Agreement is made and entered into this 7th day of April, 2003 (the"Effective Date"), by and between Wireless Links Inc, a Pennsylvania corporationhaving its principal place of business at 1050 Wall Street, Suite 202,Lyndhurst, New Jersey 07071 (hereinafter called "WLI"), and Jaguar Investments,Inc. and its affiliates, a Nevada corporation, having its principal place ofbusiness at 10400 Griffin Rd., Suite 101, Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 33328(hereinafter called "Power2Ship") with reference to the following facts:Whereas WLI is engaged in the design and development, manufacture, importation,distribution, resale, service and support of mobile data and GPS basedinformation products and services;Whereas Power2Ship is engaged in the business of collecting, processing anddisseminating logistics information and providing other transportation-relatedproducts and services to shippers and carriers of freight andWhereas Power2Ship desires to become a distributor of certain of WLIs productsand services on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.NOW, THEREFORE; in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreementshereinafter set forth, the parties hereto do hereby agree as follows:1. APPOINTMENT1.1. WLI hereby grants to Power2Ship the non-exclusive right and license todistribute certain WLIs products and services (the "Products" or "Units") andsoftware programs ("Licensed Programs") to Power2Ships customers (which are endusers) located in North America. "Products" or "Units" in this Agreement arelimited to WLIs G3001 GPSLink mobile terminal as defined in Section 1.2."Licensed Programs" in this Agreement are limited to WLIs MidLink Middlewaresoftware and G3001 programming tools. Further, Power2Ship shall also beauthorized to resell other WLI products, services and support programs subjectto separate written amendments to be made by the parties to this Agreement. WLIreserves the right to add additional products and to delete obsolete orsuperseded products at any time during the term of this Agreement upon sixty(60) days prior written notice to Power2Ship.1.2. G3001 GPSLink is a fully functional device including GPS receiver with anintegrated CDPD or GPRS modem including 4 dry contact alarm inputs and onecontact output and a DB9 connector for serial connection to a PDA. Whenintegrated with MidLink middleware the G3001 can integrate to any third partysoftware application subject to specifications published from time to time byWLI and available for download from the WLI web site.1.3. The Products and Licensed Programs shall be sold by Power2Ship to itscustomers pursuant to WLIs standard warranty and software license agreements.1.4. Power2Ship may, at any time during the term of this Agreement, assign itsrights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more of its subsidiariesin which it owns at least 50.1% of the actual equity of the subsidiary on afully diluted basis and as long as Power2Ship remains the guarantor for thepayments and terms and conditions of this Agreement (individually, a"Subsidiary"). Each Subsidiary shall thereafter have the rights and obligationsof Power2Ship hereunder with respect to all terms and conditions of thisagreement as if such Subsidiary had entered into this Agreement directly withWLI.1.5. If Power2Ship merges with another company and/or changes its name, thisAgreement will survive the merger and/or name change and the new entity willassume all the rights and obligations of Power2Ship pursuant to this Agreement.1.6. WLI may, at any time during the term of this Agreement, assign its rightsand obligations under this Agreement to any subsidiary in which it owns at least50.1% of the equity on a fully diluted basis.1.7. Power2Ship acknowledges that it has already integrated the G3001 packagedwith the MidLink middleware into its application tested it and found it to meetits requirements.2. TERM2.1. Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the initial term of thisAgreement shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date and shall thereafterbe automatically renewed for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either partynotifies the other in writing of its election not to renew the Agreement atleast one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the then-currentterm. Should this Agreement be terminated by either party for any reason, theobligations of the parties to each other as set forth herein will survive anytermination.3. PRICES3.1. Subject to Section 3.6 below the price of the Product, excluding theLicensed Programs, is [] per Unit. The total price for both of the LicensedPrograms together is [] per month per Product ("License Fee"). The License Feeshall begin on the date the Product is shipped to a customer and shall be paidby Power2Ship to WLI by the 7th of each month for the prior month (prorated ifthe Unit was shipped during the prior month) and shall continue for as long asthe Product is active on any wireless network. Notwithstanding the foregoing,Power2Ship is obligated to pay the License Fee to WLI for a minimum of 36months.3.2. Once the monthly License Fee for a particular Unit has started, it willcontinue for a minimum of 36 consecutive months with the only exception beingthat should Power2Ship uninstall a particular Unit from one customer and installit at another customer, Power2Ship is permitted to suspend the monthly LicenseFee for that particular Unit for a maximum of 2 months during the life of thisAgreement. This suspension of the License Fee is permitted only once per aparticular Unit during the life of the Agreement (i.e., the suspension cantoccur in two non-consecutive months). Units that are suspended for less thanthirty consecutive days are not considered suspended.3.3. Once Power2Ship has paid WLI the License Fee for a minimum of 36 months fora particular Unit, Power2Ship may discontinue paying the month License Fee onlyif that particular Unit has been deactivated from the wireless network. If aUnit is deactivated after 36 months and subsequently is reactivated, Power2Shipmust restart the payment of the License Fee for as long as that particular Unitremains active on the wireless network.3.4. The [] hardware price per Unit is based on a single order of a minimum of1000 Units and manufacturing of a minimum 500 Units. At the time of placing theorder with WLI, Power2Ship must pay the full purchase price of [] per Unit.The delivery time is 8-10 weeks starting with the date the payment is receivedby WLI.-------- -------RH JS 6/7/2002 .5. To shorten the delivery time to 3-4 weeks, Power2Ship has the option topurchase all the key components for [] per Unit and have them stored at nocharge by WLI on behalf of Power2Ship so they can be available for immediatemanufacturing when Power2Ship places an order. If this option is exercised, whenPower2ship places an order to authorize Units to be manufactured it will paywith the [] balance per Unit at the time of such order.3.6. Power2ship has the option to order Units in lower quantities at higher Unitprices as follows: 100 to 299 Unit at []; 300 to 499 Units at [] and; 500 to999 Units at []. The only exception to this will be the first order of 100Units at a Unit price of [] if the order is placed no later than April 4,2003.3.7. The Unit prices and monthly License Fees of [] cant be increased by WLIunder the terms of this Agreement.3.8. Unless otherwise stated in writing by WLI, all prices quoted shall beexclusive of state and local use, sales and property taxes. Power2Ship agrees tobe responsible for any such taxes incurred as a result of its purchase ofProducts from WLI, unless Power2Ship shall have presented WLI with an exemptioncertificate.3.9. Power2Ship may purchase dual antennas with a " screw for the Units from WLIat the following unit prices: [] when purchased in quantities of 100 to 499;[] when purchased in quantities of 500 to 999 and; [] when purchased inquantities of 1000 or more. Terms of payment for the antennas are []% uponplacing the order with WLI and the balance when the antennas are ready to beshipped to Power2Ship. A lead time of at least four weeks is required fordelivery.3.10. Power2Ship will pay WLI 10% of any activation commissions ("UnitCommissions"), if any, it receives as a result of any Unit activated on aspecific wireless network. The payment will be paid on the 7th of every monthfor any Unit Commissions received by Power2Ship during the previous month.Power2Ship will provide with the payment a report of the total number ofactivations during the month and the amount received per activation.3.11. All prices are FOB WLI offices in NJ.4. RESERVATION OF TITLE; COPYRIGHT; CONFIDENTIALITY4.1. Licensed Programs are provided solely in executable files. This Agreementdoes not provide Power2Ship with title or ownership of the Licensed Programs,but only a limited right to sub-license the Licensed Programs. The LicensedPrograms are, and shall remain, the property of WLI and certain third-partylicensors who have authorized WLI to incorporate their software into theLicensed Programs.4.2. Power2Ship acknowledges that the programs, software information, and usermaterials included in the Licensed Programs contain confidential information andtrade secrets, which WLI has entrusted to Power2Ship in confidence to use onlyas expressly permitted by this Agreement. Power2Ship acknowledges that WLIclaims and reserves all rights and benefits afforded under federal law in theprograms, software information, and user materials included in the LicensedPrograms as copyrighted works.4.3. The MidLink software is licensed to Power2Ship for the exclusive use withWLIs products. Power2ship commits not to connect to WLIs MidLink softwareusing any other wireless devices and /or terminal (s) and /or GPS devices otherthan WLI branded products.4.4. Power2Ship shall protect the programs, software information, and usermaterials included in the Licensed Programs as confidential information andtrade secrets. Power2Ship shall not, at any time, disclose such confidentialinformation and trade secrets to any other person, firm, organization, oremployee that does not (consistent with Power2Ships right of use hereunder)need to obtain access to the Licensed Programs. Power2Ship shall devote its bestefforts to ensure that all Power2Ships personnel and all other persons affordedaccess to the Licensed Programs by Power2Ship protect the Licensed Programs astrade secrets and confidential information and refrain from any use ordisclosure in any manner not expressly permitted by this Agreement. Theserestrictions shall not apply to information (1) generally known to the public orobtainable from public sources; (2) readily apparent from the keyboardoperation, visual display, or output reports of the Licensed Programs; (3)previously in the possession of Power2Ship or subsequently developed or acquiredwithout reliance on the Licensed Programs; or (4) approved by WLI for releasewithout restriction.4.5. Restrictions on Use of Licensed Programs and Products. The programs,software information and user materials included in the Licensed Programs andProducts may not be decomposed, reverse engineered, reprinted, transcribed,extracted or reproduced, in whole or in part, without the prior written consentof WLI. Power2Ship shall not in any way modify or alter the Licensed Programswithout the prior written consent of WLI.4.6. Survival of Obligations. Power2Ships obligations under Section 4 of thisAgreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement.4.7. Specific Performance and Injunctive Relief. Power2Ship agrees andacknowledges that, in the event of any breach directly or indirectly byPower2Ship of any provision of this Section 4, monetary damages will not affordWLI an adequate remedy, and irreparable harm may be presumed. Accordingly, WLIshall be entitled to receive injunctive relief from a court of competentjurisdiction for any such breach by Power2Ship.4.8. Confidentiality. Power2Ship acknowledges that the Licensed Programs and allcopies thereof are proprietary, confidential and a trade secret of WLI and theexclusive title shall remain with WLI. All applicable rights to copyrights,patents, trademarks, trade names, logos and identifying slogans and otherintellectual property rights in the products are the exclusive property of WLIand Power2Ship shall not contest such ownership. Power2Ship is committingdirectly or indirectly not to copy and/or not to reverse engineer any of WLIssoftware and/or hardware products. Power2Ship shall be responsible for anybreach of this Section by its employees, agents, subcontractors or consultants.WLI acknowledges that the conceptual functionality of its Unit is in the publicdomain and this paragraph does not cover the Units actual functionality. Butthis Section 4.8 shall apply to the proprietary WLI implementation andtechnology.5. ORDER PROCEDURE AND MANDATORY REPORTS BY POWER2SHIP5.1. Power2Ship shall place individual written purchase orders for Products fromtime to time during the term of this Agreement. Each purchase order placed byPower2Ship shall contain the following minimum information: (i) identificationof each Product ordered by model number, quantity and price; (ii) shippinginstructions and destinations; and (iii) requested delivery date for eachProduct. Power2Ship will pay for shipping cost from WLI offices in NJ to anydestination.-------- -------RH JS .2. Any Units shipped by WLI directly to a customer of Power2ship as perPower2Ships instruction is considered activated at the date of the shipment andthe [] monthly License Fee will start as of that date .5.3. Once an order is placed by Power2Ship, such order cant be cancelled anddelivery dates for Units cant be rescheduled.5.4. When Products are ordered for the GPRS network, Power2Ship must provide oneSIM card for every Unit ordered within a maximum of two weeks from the date oforder. The Sim Cards have to be placed and tested in the Unit as they are beingmanufactured at the factory. Failure to provide the SIM cards in time willrequire re-opening and re-test of the Units in the US at a cost of [] per Unitto be paid by Power2Ship.5.5. Every Unit has a serial number. Power2Ship must provide WLI with a weeklyreport listing the serial number of every Unit shipped to a customer during theprior week.5.6. Power2Ship must provide a separate weekly report to WLI that lists theserial number of any Units suspended during the prior week and that includes theSIM and ID, date of return, name of returning customer and reason for return.5.7. Power2Ship must provide a separate weekly report to WLI that lists theserial number of any Units reactivated (i.e., after having previously beensuspended) during the prior week.5.8. The weekly reports in Section 5.5, 5.6 and 5.7 must be sent to WLI everyMonday. The weekly reports are to be sent in Excel file format via e-mail. Thereport must be sent even if there is no activity during the prior week.5.9. Power2Ship must provide WLI with a complete copy of its monthly airtimebill for the Units as received by the respective wireless operators (T-Mobile,Verizon, ATT, etc.). Power2Ship is required to keep all the WLI Unitactivations on every wireless network on a separate account from any othervendors brand used by Power2Ship. Every such monthly invoice (one per operator)must be submitted to WLI within 7 days from the date it is received byPower2Ship and the invoice must include all pages listed on the invoice (example7of 7 pages). Power2Ships Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officermust confirm in writing to WLI every quarter that the account numbers underwhich the WLI Units are being activated on the various networks are the onlyaccounts under which the WLI units are activated.6. DELIVERY, TITLE AND RISK OF LOSS6.1. Delivery shall be F.O.B. WLIs facility in Lyndhurst, New Jersey. WLI shalluse its reasonable efforts to deliver Products to Power2Ship on the date ofdelivery specified by Power2Ship. WLI will use its reasonable efforts to notifyPower2Ship of any delays in scheduled delivery dates.6.2. Title to the Products and the risk of loss or damage shall pass toPower2Ship upon delivery of the Products to Power2Ship or its shipping companyof choice. In the event of any loss of or damage to the Products followingdelivery to the carrier, WLI shall, upon request, cooperate with Power2Ship inconnection with the proof of loss claim presented by Power2Ship to the carrierand/or insurer.6.3. Power2Ship shall bear the entire risk of loss or damage to the Units andany other equipment purchased from WLI (collectively the "Equipment") afterinstallation of the Equipment in the customers vehicles. The occurrence of anysuch loss or damage shall not permit Power2Ship to delay or reduce the paymentof any fees prescribed under this agreement unless Power2Ship presents WLI withproof of a claim to an insurance company and, in such case, Power2Ship shouldreplace the lost or damaged Equipment within a maximum of 60 days and resume thepayment of monthly License Fees to WLI. Power2Ship is advised to obtain andmaintain property and casualty insurance for the Equipment against all risks ofloss or damage. The amount of such insurance shall not be less than thereplacement cost of the Equipment.6.4. Power2Ship is responsible for maintaining and storing in a safe and securelocation backup copies of all data files Power2Ship may place in the System. Inno event shall WLI be liable for loss or destruction of Power2Ships data filesfor any reason.7. PAYMENT7.1. Power2Ship must pay WLI for the Products in full on the day it submits a PO(i.e., the PO is not valid unless accompanied by payment in full).7.2. The payment of the optional antenna is 50% with the purchase order and 50%when the antennas are ready to be shipped to Power2Ship.7.3. Monthly License Fees must be paid no later then the 7th of the month forall Units active during the previous month. For example, on the 7th of JulyPower2Ship will pay for Units that were active in June.7.4. The purchase price for the Unit does not include repair beyond the firstyear limited warranty. The renewal of the limited warranty after the first yearis at the option of the customer, but in any case, Unit failure does not relievePower2Ship of its obligation to pay the monthly License Fees to WLI for thatUnit. The first year limited warranty starts on the day of the activation of theUnit on a wireless network. As a distributor, Power2Ship should keep a minimumnumber of Units in stock for immediate replacement for its customers.7.5. This Agreement is separate and apart from the contract between Power2Shipand its customer. Failure of the customer to pay Power2Ship, for whateverreason, does not affect the obligation of Power2Ship to pay its contractualobligations to WLI.7.6. If an invoice is past due by more than 30 days, WLI may discontinueproviding technical support to Power2Ship until the invoice is paid. IfPower2Ship does not make payment of any amount due and payable hereunder within60 days of the date of invoice, WLI (without prejudice to any other remedy)shall be entitled to interest on all past due amounts at the lower of eighteenpercent (18%) per annum or the highest rate permitted by law, plus reimbursementof all costs incurred in collecting such amounts, including court costs andreasonable attorney fees.8. LICENSED SOFTWARE ACCESS AND AUDIT8.1. Should a dispute occur concerning the number of Units that Power2Ship hasactivated with its customer, WLI may designate an independent certified publicaccountant who may audit Power2Ships books and records concerning sales ofUnits and of Licensed Software under this Agreement. Said examination shall beat WLIs sole cost and expense during normal business hours and upon reasonablenotice, and may not be conducted more than once annually; provided, however, -------- -------that if such audit reveals an underpayment by Power2Ship of more than 10% forthe period audited, Power2Ship shall pay WLIs actual costs and expenses forperforming such audit.8.2. WLI, at its own discretion, may visit Power2Ships warehouse at normalbusiness hours to verify the actual number of Units in inventory and/or thenumber of Units suspended.-------- -------RH JS .3. Power2Ship commits to allow WLI free access to its MidLink software via theInternet for ongoing maintenance and updates.9. PRODUCT INFORMATION OBLIGATIONS9.1. Product Descriptions and Technical Support Requirements. WLI shall providePower2Ship with integration documentation and programming information for itsUnit.9.2. Warranty Return Procedure. WLIs warranty return procedure is set forth inExhibit A.10. TECHNICAL INFORMATION AND SERVICES10.1. WLI shall provide, at no cost to Power2Ship, reasonable training,including but not limited to, training of Power2Ships sales and technicalpersonnel, to enable Power2Ship to meets its obligations under this Agreement,including its obligation to provide service or support to end-users followingtermination of this Agreement.10.2. Power2Ship is committed to provide technical support and service for WLIsProducts sold by Power2Ship to its customers.10.3. Power2Ship will receive the first customer call and will have to maintaina minimum inventory level of spare Units to service its customers within 48hours. WLI will support an end-user only upon Power2Ships request and onlyafter Power2Ship has tried to provide the support and has failed to fix theproblem. WLI will not be involved in any end-user training.10.4. Power2Ship will maintain a minimum level of inventory of the Product forservice purposes, which the parties estimate to be 1% of the aggregate number ofUnits active on any wireless network at any given time.11. WARRANTY AND INDEMNIFICATION11.1. WLI warrants the Products pursuant to the terms of its hardware limitedwarranty and limited software warranty set forth in Exhibit B hereto. Subject tothe terms and conditions of Exhibit A, WLI agrees, in its sole discretion, torepair or replace at its sole cost and expense, any defective Products or partsthereof which are returned to it within the applicable warranty period, providedthat the Products have not been altered or repaired other than withauthorization from WLI and by its approved procedures; that the Products havenot been subjected to misuse, improper maintenance, negligence or accident; thatthe Products have not been damaged by excessive physical or electrical stress;and that the Products have not had their serial number or any part thereofaltered, defaced or removed.11.2. The warranty and remedies set forth in Exhibit B are exclusive and in lieuof any other warranties or remedies, express or implied, including the impliedwarranties of merchantability and fitness for intended or particular purpose.The liability of WLI to Power2Ship for any claim whatsoever related to theProducts or the Licensed Programs or this Agreement, including any cause ofaction in contract, tort, or strict liability, shall not exceed the total amountpayable under this Agreement by Power2Ship to WLI within the most recentsix-month period for the Licensed Programs (if such claim relates to theLicensed Programs), or for the WLI Products (if such claim relates to the WLIProducts). Under no circumstances shall WLI be liable to Power2Ship or to anyother person or entity for any incidental, special or consequential damageswhether arising out of breach of warranty, breach of contract or otherwise evenif WLI has been advised of the possibility of such claims or demands.11.3. To the extent not otherwise provided herein, WLI agrees to defend,indemnify and hold harmless Power2Ship from and against (a) any claim by a thirdparty that a Product supplied hereunder did not conform to WLIs warranty whenreceived by Power2Ship or that WLI failed on request to provide warranty servicein accordance with WLIs applicable warranty statement or (b) any claim arisingunder Section 14 of this Agreement. Power2Ship shall be reimbursed for anyactual loss, liability or damage suffered or incurred by Power2Ship and for allreasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred byPower2Ship in connection with any action, suit, proceeding, demand, assessmentor judgment incident to any of the matters indemnified against in this provisionprovided that Power2Ship immediately notifies WLI as to the institution of suchsuit, gives or obtains for WLI such authority as may be necessary for WLI todefend same, and supplies WLI such further information and assistance for thedefense thereof as WLI may reasonably require and request. WLI shall have noobligation under this section, and shall have no liability to Power2Ship, ifsuch claim arises due to the alteration or modification of any Product withoutthe prior written consent of WLI.11.4. Power2Ship shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless WLI from allliability and claims whatsoever for any injury to persons or property or for anyloss, expense, or damage incurred by any of Power2Ships personnel or inviteesor by any other person or party (except agents or employees of WLI) arising as aresult of or in connection with Power2Ships acquisition or use of the Productsand Licensed Programs or WLI s performance of its obligations or exercise ofits rights hereunder except for those claims which are the result of the willfulacts or gross negligence of WLI.12. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS INDEMNIFICATION12.1. WLI represents and warrants that: (i) it owns all right, title andinterest in and to the Products necessary to enter into and perform itsobligations to Power2Ship hereunder, and (ii) no Product or Licensed Programssold to Power2Ship during the term of this Agreement, nor the use of any suchProduct or Licensed Program, nor anything in or contemplated by this Agreement,infringes upon the Intellectual Rights (as defined herein) of any other personor entity, and no suit or proceeding is pending or threatened alleging that anyProduct or Licensed program, or the use thereof, infringes upon any IntellectualRights. As used herein, the term "Intellectual Right" means any rights relatingto any trademark, trade name, service mark, copyright, patent, trade secret orother proprietary right.13. USE OF TRADEMARKS13.1. Power2Ship shall not acquire any right to or interest in any trademark ortrade name owned or used by WLI. Power2Ship may use for purposes of thisAgreement such trademarks and trade names as appear on the Products and onpromotional materials therefore when received by Power2Ship from WLI.13.2. Power2Ship acknowledges that WLI and its affiliates are the owners and/orlicensees of the trademarks, service marks, commercial symbols and trade namesused by WLI. Power2Ship shall not contest the right of WLI and its affiliates tothe use of any trademarks, service marks, commercial symbols or trade names usedor claimed by WLI.13.3. All WLIs use of Power2Ships company name, logos, trademarks or otherregistered identifiers must meet Power2Ships corporate communications standardsand must have Power2Ships written approval prior to such use by WLI. AllPower2Ships use of WLIs company name, logos, trademarks or other registeredidentifiers must meet WLIs corporate communications standards and must haveWLIs written approval prior to such use by WLI.-------- -------RH JS .4. Power2Ship shall have the right to place its trademarks on the Productsbut shall not obscure any WLI trademarks.14. TERMINATION14.1. Termination for Cause by WLI WLI may, upon written notice, terminate thisAgreement at any time in the event that (a) Power2Ship defaults or otherwisefails to perform any obligation, warranty, duty, responsibility or other term orcondition of this Agreement, including failure to make a payment when due andsuch default or failure continues unremedied for a period fifteen (15) daysafter such notice; (b) Power2Ship ceases permanently to carry on its presentbusiness, except as a result of a bona fide reorganization in the course ofwhich the Agreement is transferred to a successor company of equal or greaterfinancial resources carrying on substantially the same business; (c) Power2Shipmakes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or admits in writing itsinability to pay debts as they mature; or a trustee or receiver of Power2Ship,or of any substantial part of Power2Ships assets, is appointed by any court; ora proceeding is instituted by or against Power2Ship under any provision of theUnited States Bankruptcy Code or any other law affecting the rights of creditorsand such proceeding is acquiesced in or is not dismissed within sixty (60) days;or (d) WLIs continued performance under this Agreement would cause it to be inviolation of (i) any order of any court or regulatory agency having jurisdictionover WLI, or (ii) any law, statute, ordinance or regulation to which WLI issubject.14.2. Termination for Cause by Power2Ship. Power2Ship may, upon written notice,terminate this Agreement at any time in the event that (a) WLI defaults orotherwise fails to perform any obligation, warranty, duty, responsibility orother term or condition of this Agreement, including failure to pay a refundwhen due and such default or failure continues unremedied for a period fifteen(15) days after such notice; (b) WLI ceases permanently to carry on its presentbusiness, except as a result of a bona fide reorganization in the course ofwhich the Agreement is transferred to a successor company of equal or greaterfinancial resources carrying on substantially the same business; (c) WLI makesan assignment for the benefit of creditors; or admits in writing its inabilityto pay debts as they mature; or a trustee or receiver of WLI, or of anysubstantial part of WLIs assets, is appointed by any court; or a proceeding isinstituted by or against WLI under any provision of the United States BankruptcyCode or any other law affecting the rights of creditors and such proceeding isacquiesced in or is not dismissed within sixty (60) days; or (d) Power2Shipscontinued performance under this Agreement would cause it to be in violation of(i) any order of any court or regulatory agency having jurisdiction overPower2Ship, or (ii) any law, statute, ordinance or regulation to whichPower2Ship is subject.14.3. Termination of this Agreement shall not release either party from theobligation to pay any sums to the other party whether then or thereafter due oroperate to discharge any liability which has been incurred prior to theeffective date of such termination.14.4. Upon expiration of this Agreement or termination by either party,Power2Ship may sell off any remaining inventory of the Products or LicensedSoftware acquired prior to termination.14.5. Neither party shall be liable to the other party for any special,incidental, or consequential damages arising in connection with, or out oftermination of, this agreement.15. NOTICESAny notice or communication given pursuant to this Agreement shall be inwriting, delivered in person or may be telegraphed, telexed, sent by facsimiletransmission or United States certified, registered or express mail, FederalExpress or other private courier, postage prepaid, return receipt requested inthe event of delivery by mail. In the event notice shall be given by facsimiletransmission an original of such notice shall simultaneously be deposited inUnited States mail, postage prepaid, or sent by Federal Express or other privatecourier, addressed as hereinafter required. Notices shall be given to theparties addressed as set forth in the first paragraph of the Agreement or atsuch other address as the parties may from time to time designate by noticehereunder. Notices shall be given when delivered personally, or whentelegraphed, telexed or sent by facsimile transmission if sent during regularbusiness hours of the recipient and if not, on the next following business dayor if mailed, at midnight on the third business day after the date of mailing orif sent by Federal Express or by other private courier on the next followingbusiness day.If to WLI: Wireless Links, Inc. Attention: Joe Shayovitch 1050 Wall Street Suite 320 Lyndhurst, New Jersey 07071 Facsimile No. 201-531-9795If to Power2Ship: Freight Rate, Inc. Attention: Richard Hersh 10400 Griffin Rd., Suite 101 Ft. Lauderdale, FL 3332816. GENERAL16.1. This Agreement, its interpretation and construction, and the remedies forits enforcement or breach are to be applied in accordance with the laws of theState of New Jersey.16.2. Failure on any occasion by WLI or Power2Ship to enforce any term orcondition of this Agreement shall not prevent or bar enforcement on any otheroccasion.16.3. Neither party shall be deemed to be in default of any provision hereof orbe liable for any delay, failure in performance or interruption of serviceresulting directly or indirectly from act of war, act of God, act of civil ormilitary authority, civil disturbance or any other cause beyond its reasonablecontrol.16.4. The relationship between WLI and Power2Ship is that of independentcontractors. Neither party, nor its agents or its employees shall be deemed tobe the agent of the other party. Neither party shall have the right to bind theother party, transact any business in the other partys name or in its behalf orincur any liability for or on behalf of the other party.16.5. Neither WLI nor Power2Ship shall intentionally disclose, and each partyshall use reasonable efforts to prohibit, the unintentional disclosure to anythird party of any confidential or proprietary information of the other partyduring the term of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year thereafter.16.6. The headings to the paragraphs of this Agreement are included merely forconvenience of reference and shall not affect the meaning of the languageincluded therein.16.7. No provisions of this Agreement may be altered or amended unless suchalteration or amendment is in writing and executed by duly authorized officersof both parties, except where otherwise specifically provided for in thisAgreement.16.8. The covenants contained in this Agreement which, by their terms, requireor contemplate performance by the parties after the expiration or termination ofthis Agreement shall be enforceable notwithstanding said expiration ortermination.16.9. This Agreement (including all Exhibits hereto), constitutes the entireAgreement and understanding between the parties relating to the subject matterhereof, supersedes all other agreements, oral or written, heretofore madebetween the parties with respect to such subject matter, supersedes the standardterms and conditions in Power2Ships purchase order form and WLIs quotation,invoice or acknowledgment form, and supersedes any other terms or conditions ofpurchase proposed by Power2Ship or WLI. This Agreement may not be assigned byeither party without the prior written consent of the other party. If anyprovision in this Agreement should be held illegal or unenforceable, no otherprovision of this Agreement shall be affected.-------- -------RH JS IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the day andyear first written above.Wireless Links, Inc. Jaguar Investments, Inc.By: By: ------------------------- -----------------------------Its: Its: Chief Executive Officer ------------------------ ------------------------------------ -------RH JS EXHIBIT A PRODUCT WARRANTY INFORMATIONWARRANTYA) HARDWARE LIMITED WARRANTY - WLI will provide a one year limited warranty for its hardware products as per the terms and conditions described in "Attachment B". The first year warranty starts with the date of shipment and terminates on the anniversary of the first year.B) Extended limited warranty beyond the first year is available at the same terms and conditions described in "Attachment B ". The second year Limited warranty price will be determined between the parties based on the total number of units to be under warranty in a particular year.- The Warranty is a limited warranty that does not cover damage caused by improper use, abuse or use for other than intended purposes. The Warranty does not cover LCD screen or batteries. See Attachment B, Limited Warranty for the Acknowledger(TM) and related accessories.- The parties understand and agree that WLI does not warrant any part of the Peripheral equipment that is not sold directly by WLI- Within 14 days from discovery of a defect, the Integrator shall notify WLI in writing of said defect. Said notice of defect shall contain a reasonably detailed description of the defect as determinable by the Integrator. Said notice shall also indicate the serial numbers of all Acknowledgers and the release levels of software in which the defect was discovered.C) DEFECTIVE EQUIPMENT RETURN. Defective equipment will be returned promptly to WLIs repair centre at the Power2Ship cost. The integrator will return for repair products under warranty and will pay the shipping cost to WLI and will carry the risk of loss until the package has been delivered to WLI. WLI will pay the shipping cost back via standard "UPS ground" and will carry the risk of loss until the package is delivered to the integrator. For each unit, prior to return Power2Ship must send WLI a description of the problem including the serial number and date of shipping and date of purchase. Every return must have a Return Merchandise Authorisation number (RMA) as issued by WLI. Replacement or repaired units will be returned to the Integrator within 14 working days of receipt of a defective unit at WLIs cost.D) LIMITED WARRANTY OF LICENSED PROGRAMS. WLI warrants, for the benefit of the Integrator only, that at the time Integrators license of Licensed Programs commences, WLI has the right and authority to license the Licensed Programs to Integrator, and the Licensed Programs conform in all material respects to any specifications supplied to Integrator in writing by WLI. WLI does not warrant that the Licensed Programs can be used without interruption or that they are error-free. Any implied warranties of the Licensed Software are LIMITED to one year starting from the date it was shipped to the integrator or starting with the date specified as the starting date in the leasing and / or purchase agreement with the Integrator. If the date is different then the shipping date to the integrator the integrator has to provide a copy of the agreement with the Integrator to verify the start of warranty.E) CORRECTIONS AND UPDATES OF LICENSED PROGRAMS. WLI shall maintain the accuracy of the Licensed Programs by making a reasonable attempt to correct any programming or database errors that Integrator brings to WLI attention. In addition, WLI from time to time may furnish Integrator with further releases of the Licensed Programs to provide corrections of significant programming or database errors and updates of database information. WLI obtains the information contained in the database of the Licensed Programs from established outside sources, and WLI makes every effort to keep the information up-to-date, but it cannot guarantee absolute accuracy and timeliness. After the expiration of the initial term of this Agreement, WLI shall provide any correction and update assistance only on mutually acceptable terms at WLIs customary rates then in effect. WLI reserves the right to make modifications and enhancements of the Licensed Programs (other than simple corrections and updates-------- -------RH JS EXHIBIT B End User Warranty LIMITED WARRANTY FOR THE ACKNOWLEDGER(TM) AND RELATED ACCESSORIES -----------------------------------------------------------------Wireless Links (WLI) warrants to the original end user purchaser ("You") thatthe Equipment will be free from defects in workmanship and materials ("LimitedWarranty") for a period of one (1) year from the date of the purchase of theEquipment (the "Warranty Period"). This limited warranty does notsbsp;apply tonormal wear and tear and does not cover repair or replacement of Equipmentdamaged by misuse, accident, abuse, neglect, misapplication, alteration of anykind (including upgrades and expansions) disaster or defects due to repairs ormodifications made by anyone other than the Manufacturer or its authorizedservice representative. In addition, this limited warranty does not apply tophysical damage of any nature whatsoever to the surface of the display, to thesurface of the signature pad of the Equipment or to any data stored within theEquipment. WLI shall not have any liability whatsoever with respect to any datastored within the Equipment. Before returning any Equipment under this limitedwarranty, call WLI and request a return merchandise authorization number (RMA -number) then ship the Equipment in the original packaging or its equivalent tothe location designated by WLI accompanied by proof of purchase, a brief writtenexplanation of the defects, the RMA Number and a return shipment address. WLI atits discretion will repair or replace the Equipment in accordance with the termsof this limited warranty and send it back to you. You are responsible for thecost of shipping the Equipment to the location designated by WLI and the risk ofloss or damage in transit. WLI will bear the cost of return shipment to you andthe risk of loss or damage during such return shipment.REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT BY WLI AS PROVIDED IN THIS LIMITED WARRANTY IS YOUREXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. WLI SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANYSPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES. WLI DISCLAIMS ALL OTHERWARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO,ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ORANY WARRANTY ARISING OUT OF ANY PROPOSAL, SPECIFICATION OR SAMPLE. ANY SOFTWAREPROVIDED WITH THE EQUIPMENT IS PROVIDED UNDER A SEPARATE SOFTWARE LICENSEAGREEMENT.-------- -------RH JS EXHIBIT C-2 END-USER PROGRAM LICENSE AGREEMENTWIRELESS LINKS (WLI) SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT----------------------------------------------------Licensed Programs are provided solely in executable files and consist of thefollowing programs: MidLink (WLIs middleware), MapLink, and all G3001 relatedprogramming tools,1. RESERVATION OF TITLE. This Agreement does not provide the Power2Ship (you)with title or ownership of the Licensed Programs, but only a right of limiteduse of one copy per software package per license. The Licensed Programs are, andshall remain, the property of Wireless Links and certain third-party licenserswho have authorized Wireless Links to incorporate their software into theSystem. Subject to a distribution agreement the Power2Ship (you) canredistribute the licensed products but you cant reproduce the LicensedPrograms.2. COPYRIGHT PROTECTION. Power2Ship acknowledges that the programs, softwareinformation, and user materials included in the Licensed Programs containconfidential information and trade secrets, which WLI(TM) has entrusted toPower2Ship in confidence to use only as expressly permitted by this Agreement.Power2Ship acknowledges that Wireless Links claims and reserves all rights andbenefits afforded under federal law in the programs, database information, anduser materials included in the Licensed Programs as copyrighted works.3. PRESERVATION OF SECRECY AND CONFIDENTIALITY. Power2Ship shall protect theprograms, database information, and user materials include din the LicensedPrograms as confidential information and trade secrets. Power2Ship shall not, atany time, disclose such confidential information and trade secrets to any otherperson, firm, organization, or employee that does not (consistent withPower2Ships right of use hereunder) need to obtain access to the LicensedPrograms. Power2Ship shall devote its best efforts to ensure that allPower2Ships personnel and all other persons afforded access to the LicensedPrograms by Power2Ship protect the Licensed Programs as trade secrets andconfidential information and refrain from any use of disclosure in any mannernot expressly permitted by this Agreement. These restrictions shall not apply toinformation (1) generally know to the public of obtainable from public sources;(2) readily apparent from the keyboard operation, visual display, or outputreports of the Licensed Program; (3) previously in the possession of Power2Shipor subsequently developed or acquired without reliance on the Licensed programs;or (4) approved by WLI for release without restriction.4. RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF LICENSED PROGRAMS. The programs, software information,and user materials included in the Licensed Programs may not be decompiled,reverse engineered, reprinted, transcribed, extracted, or reproduced, in wholeor in part, without the prior written consent of WLI. Power2Ship shall not inany way modify or alter the Licensed Programs without the prior written consentof WLI.5. SURVIVALS OF OBLIGATIONS; RETURN OF PROGRAMS. Power2Ships obligations underthis Agreement shall remain in effect for as long as Power2Ship continues to usethe Licensed Programs. Power2Ship shall promptly return all materials anddocumentation relating to the Licensed Programs provided by WLI upon (1)termination of either this Agreement of Power2Ships license of the LicensedPrograms, for any reason, or (2) discontinuance or abandonment of Power2Shipsuse or control of the Licensed Programs.6. POWER2SHIPS DATA FILES. Power2Ship is responsible for maintaining andstoring in a safe and secure location backup copies of all data files Power2Shipmay place in the System. In no event shall WLI(TM) be liable for loss ordestruction of Power2Ships data files for any reason.7. LIMITED WARRANTY ON LICENSED PROGRAMS. WLI(TM) warrants, for the benefit ofPower2Ship only, that at the time Power2Ships license of Licensed Programscommences, WLI(TM) has the right and authority to license the Licensed Programsto Power2Ship, and the Licensed Programs conform in all material respects to anyspecification supplied to Power2Ship in writing by WLI(TM). WLI(TM) does notwarrant that the Licensed Programs can be used without interruption or that theyare error-free. Any implied warranties of the Licensed Software are LIMITED toone year starting from the date of purchase or for the period described in thecontractual agreement with the Power2Ship. For best and fast service WLIrecommends to Power2Ship to install on the server NT computer a modem fax withPC-Anywhere software and a dedicated phone line to allow WLI to dial in forroutine maintenance.8. CORRECTIONS AND UPDATES OF LICENSED PROGRAMS. WLI shall maintain the accuracyof the Licensed Programs by using its best endeavors to correct any programmingor database errors that Power2Ship brings to WLI(TM)s attention. In addition,during the warranty period and/or duration of this agreement WLI from time totime may furnish Power2Ship with further releases of the Licensed Programs toprovide corrections of significant programming or software errors. After theexpiration of this agreement, WLI shall provide any correction and updateassistance only on mutually acceptable terms at WLIs customary rates then ineffect. WLI(TM) reserves the right to make optional modifications andenhancements of the Licensed Programs (other than simple corrections andupdates) available only at additional charges.-------- -------RH JS