Exhibit 10.2 SERVICES AND HOSTING AGREEMENT THIS SERVICES AND HOSTING AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is entered into by and between VITALIBIS INC a Nevada C having itsprincipal place of business at 5348 Vegas Drive, Las Vegas, NV 89108 (hereinafter, -Licensee"), and VOTOCAST, Inc. a California corporation (dba,newkleus), having its principal place of business at PO Box 7302 Newport Beach, CA 92658 (hereinafter, "VOTOCAST). VOTOCAST and Licenseemay also be referred to individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties." WHEREAS, VOTOCAST provides certain hosting and technical services, including iOS and Android Mobile Applications, APIs, SDKsand Admin Module ("Services"); and WHEREAS, Licensee wishes to engage VOTOCAST, and VOTOCAST desires to be engaged by Licensee, to provide hosting andtechnical services on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth below. NOW. THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises, benefits, and covenants set forth herein, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 1. SERVICES 1.1 Grant of License. Under the terms and conditions of this Agreement, VOTOCAST hereby grants to Licensee a nonexclusive,nontransferable license, to access the Services and provide Licensees users ("Licensee Users") with access to the Services. Licensee may nottransfer the license granted in this Agreement unless such transfer is mutually agreed upon by the Parties in a writing signed by the Parties.VOTOCAST reserves all rights under any intellectual property rights in and to the Services not expressly granted in this Agreement. 1.2 Services. VOTOCAST shall provide the Services to Licensee as specifically set forth in Exhibit A, attached hereto. 1.3 Acceptance Testing. Prior to the payment of the License and Hosting Fees defined in Exhibit A, Licensee shall have the right to conductacceptance testing ("Acceptance Testing") to verify that the Services satisfy the acceptance criteria set forth in Exhibit B ("Acceptance Criteria").Acceptance Testing shall commence within five (5) business days from the date on which VOTOCAST notifies Licensee, in writing by U.S. mail orelectronic mail that all implementation work has been completed and is ready for Acceptance Testing by Licensee. In the event that the Services donot conform to the Acceptance Criteria, Licensee shall give VOTOCAST written notice thereof. VOTOCAST shall make commercially reasonableefforts to correct any deficiencies that prevent the Services from conforming to the Acceptance Criteria. When the Services have successfullyconformed to or satisfied the Acceptance Criteria, Licensee shall give VOTOCAST written notice by U.S. mail or electronic mail of acceptance("Acceptance"). Acceptance by Licensee shall be automatically deemed to have occurred: (a) fifteen (15) business days after Licensees receipt, ifLicensee does not communicate to VOTOCAST any defects in the Services, or (b) if Licensee uses the Services in the normal and usual operationof Licensees business prior to written Acceptance. Licensee shall have the right to terminate this Agreement if, in its sole discretion, the Serviceshave not conformed to the Acceptance Criteria within thirty (30) days from the date of Acceptance Testing; provided however, VOTOCAST shallcontinue to be entitled to receive, and Licensee shall be obligated to pay to VOTOCAST, any and all amounts owing for Implementation Fees up tothe date of termination. 1.4 Additional Services. VOTOCAST and Licensee agree that any additional services ("Additional Services") to be provided byVOTOCAST to Licensee shall be described in a statement of work ("SOW). which shall be executed by authorized representatives of both Parties.The Parties agree that maintenance and support services as set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, respectively, shall not constitute Additional Servicesarid shall not require an SOW. Each SOW will be deemed to incorporate the terms and conditions of this Agreement unless SOW explicitly statesotherwise. Each SOW shall reference this Agreement, contain a description of the services to be provided and the associated fees and charges, andsuch additional terms and conditions as the Parties may desire to include. The Services and Additional Services shall be collectively referred toherein as the "Services? The Agreement and any SOWs shall be collectively referred to herein as the "Agreement." The form of the SOW isoutlined in Exhibit D. 1.5 Modification of the Services. VOTOCAST shall provide sixty (60) days prior written notice to Licensee of any proposed change ormodification by VOTOCAST to the Services that will materially affect Licensee or Licensee Users use of, or ability to use. the Services. 1 Source: VITALIBIS, INC., 8-K, 3/16/2018 2. VOTOCASTS OBLIGATIONS 2.1 Privacy. VOTOCAST shall use commercially reasonable efforts to protect the privacy of Licensee and Licensee Users and the contentthat is transmitted through the Services. VOTOCAST will only access and disclose information as necessary to comply with applicable laws andgovernment orders or requests, to provide the Services, to operate or maintain its systems or to protect itself or Licensee Users. In all suchinstances. VOTOCAST shall provide prior written notice to Licensee of not less than three (3) business days prior to accessing or disclosing suchinformation so that Licensee may have an opportunity to dispute or restrict such disclosure. Licensee acknowledges, however, that Licensee andLicensee Users content will not pass through nor be stored in a segregated or separate physical location from which VOTOCASTS other userscontent will be transmitted or stored. 2.2 Maintenance of System. VOTOCAST shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain or cause to be maintained the software andsystems required for the operation of the Services. For avoidance of doubt. maintenance services are limited to Services and not custom code. 2.3 Support. VOTOCAST will identify a primary point of contact for support escalation, to be accessible pursuant to the Service Levels setforth in Exhibit C. 2.4 Availability of Services. Unless otherwise indicated on Exhibit A hereto, the Services will be accessible to Licensee and LicenseeUsers via the Wi-Fi, broadband, or cellular services twenty-four (24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week, except for scheduled maintenance andrequired repairs, and except for any loss or interruption of Services due to causes beyond the control of VOTOCAST or which are not reasonablyforeseeable by VOTOCAST, including, but not limited to, interruption or failure of Wi-Fi, cellular, telecommunication or digital transmission linksand Wi-Fi or cellular slow-downs or failures. VOTOCAST agrees to provide reasonable written notice to Licensee prior to any scheduledmaintenance or required repairs that would cause the Services to be inaccessible. VOTOCAST does not provide Wi-Fi, broadband or cellularservices to Licensee or Licensee Users. 2.5 Credit for Interruption of Services. In the event of any loss or interruption of Services solely due to VOTOCAST controlled activities.Licensees sole and exclusive remedy and VOTOCASTS sole and exclusive liability for any loss or interruption of Services shall be as follows. Forloss or interruption of Services which is not due to scheduled maintenance, and is caused by VOTOCAST, and such loss or interruption of Servicesexceeds a continual period of one (I) hour per Exhibit C, Licensee shall receive a credit against future Services equal to one-thirtieth (1/30) of themonthly fees for the Services for each cumulative hour, up to a maximum total of the fees charged for Services for the applicable month of theaffected Services. 2.6 Response Time. VOTOCAST shall have qualified personnel respond to outages, emergencies and requests for support from Licenseewithin the time frames set forth in the Service Levels set forth in Exhibit C. 3. LICENSEES OBLIGATIONS 3.1 Requirements. Licensee hereby agrees that it will offer, access, and make the Services available to Licensee Users pursuant to a termsof use agreement ("Terms of Use") adapted to local laws and languages no less protective of VOTOCASTS rights, in all material respects, than theterms of this Agreement. Licensee agrees to obtain acceptance by provable electronic means from each Licensee User of the Terms of Use prior tosuch Licensee Users initial use of the Services. 3.2 Suspension or Termination. If VOTOCAST becomes aware of, or suspects any violation of, Licensees Terms of Use by any LicenseeUser, VOTOCAST shall immediately notify Licensee and provide reasonable detail of such violation. The Parties shall use commercially reasonableefforts to promptly resolve the violation or suspected violation. If the matter cannot be promptly resolved, however, VOTOCAST reserves the rightto suspend or terminate the provision of Services to the violating Licensee User as reasonably necessary to protect VOTOCASTS interests. 3.3 Representations. Licensee shall not make any representations or warranties concerning the Services beyond those expressly made inwriting by VOTOCAST, and shall not misrepresent the Services or the performance or functionality thereof. 3.4 Licensee Mobile Apps, APIs, SDKs. Licensee will provide to VOTOCAST the information, such as the domain name and URL for theWebsites, that will be used for the Services and any other information of Licensee or a Licensee User necessary for VOTOCAST to perform the set-up and other initial services before Licensee or such Licensee User will have access to the Services. 2 Source: VITALIBIS, INC., 8-K, 3/16/2018 3.5 Provision of Mobile Apps, APIs, SDKs. Licensee shall provide VOTOCAST with all logos, text, images. and other data of Licensee tobe used to produce and support Licensees Mobile Apps ("Licensee Content). Licensee warrants and represents to VOTOCAST that Licensee hasfull power and authority to provide to VOTOCAST and to authorize VOTOCASTS use of, the Licensee Content provided by Licensee fordeveloping the Mobile Apps, and agrees to defend and indemnify VOTOCAST with respect to any claims arising from VOTOCASTS or Licenseesuse of such Licensee Content 3.6 Removal of Licensee Content. VOTOCAST shall not exclude or remove from the Mobile Apps or databases any Licensee Content orother content not supplied by VOTOCAST without the written consent of Licensee. Licensee is solely responsible for monitoring and exertingeditorial control over the Mobile Apps, APIs, SDKs and databases. Nothing in this Agreement obligates VOTOCAST to monitor or exert editorialcontrol over the Mobile Apps, APIs, SDKs or databases. 4. PRICING AND PAYMENT 4.1 Services Fees. Licensee shall pay VOTOCAST the Services Fees in accordance with the applicable fee and payment schedule set forthin Exhibit A hereto. VOTOCAST expressly reserves the right to change its rates charged hereunder for the Services during any Renewal Term (asdetined herein) but agrees that rates may not increase by more than ten percent (10%) during any Renewal Term. If circumstances requireVOTOCAST to raise its rates more than ten percent (10%) during any Renewal Term, VOTOCAST will provide Licensee cost related supportingdocumentation to justify the rate increase. VOTOCAST will give Licensee at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of any rate changes duringany Renewal Term. 4.2 Payment. All fees are due and payable within thirty (30) days of the applicable VOTOCAST invoice. Any payments made later than thedue date will accrue interest from the date due until the date paid at the rate of one percent (I%) per month on the amount due, or the maximum ratepermitted by law, whichever is less. In addition, failure of Licensee to fully pay any fees within sixty (60) days after the applicable due date, shall bedeemed a material breach of this Agreement, justifying suspension of the performance of Services by VOTOCAST, and will be sufficient cause forimmediate termination of this Agreement by VOTOCAST. Any such suspension does not relieve Licensee from paying fees past due plus interestand in the event of collection enforcement, Licensee shall be liable for any costs associated with such collection, including, but not limited to, legalcosts, attorneys fees, court costs and collection agency fees. 4.3 Taxes. All amounts payable hereunder are exclusive of any sales, use, excise, property, value added or any other taxes associated withLicensees or Licensee Users use of the Services. Licensee is responsible for payment of any and all such taxes (excluding taxes based onVOTOCASTS net income). 4.4 Licensee Revenues. Except with respect to the fees set forth in Exhibit A Licensee shall be authorized to keep all revenues derived fromLicensees exploitation of Services including. but not limited to advertising, sponsorships, subscriptions, and any other types of revenues. 5. OWNERSHIP AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS 5.1 Proprietary Rights of Licensee. As between Licensee and VOTOCAST, Licensee Content shall remain the sole and exclusive propertyof Licensee, including, without limitation, all copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, and any other proprietary rights. Except as provided inthis Section 6.1 nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to grant VOTOCAST any ownership rights in, or license to, the Licensee Contentprovided by Licensee or Licensee Users. Licensee hereby grants to VOTOCAST a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license during the term ofthis Agreement to edit, modify. adapt. translate, exhibit, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer of, reproduce, create derivative works from,distribute, perform, display and otherwise use Licensee Content as necessary to render Services to Licensee under this Agreement. 5.2 Proprietary Rights of VOTOCAST. THIS AGREEMENT IS NOT A WORK-FOR-HIRE AGREEMENT. All materials, including but notlimited to any computer software (in object code and source code form), data, information or content developed or provided by VOTOCAST or itssuppliers under this Agreement, and any know-how, methodologies, equipment. or processes used by VOTOCAST to provide the Services toLicensee and Licensee Users, including, without limitation, all copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, and any other proprietary rightsinherent therein and appurtenant thereto (collectively, "VOTOCAST Materials") shall remain the sole and exclusive property of VOTOCAST or itssuppliers. To the extent, if any, that ownership of the VOTOCAST Materials does not automatically vest in VOTOCAST by virtue of thisAgreement or otherwise, Licensee hereby transfers and assigns to VOTOCAST all rights, title and interest which Licensee may have in and to theVOTOCAST Materials. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that VOTOCAST is in the business of hosting Mobile Apps and providing Mobile Appservices, and that VOTOCAST shall have the right to provide to third parties services which are the same or similar to the Services, and to use orotherwise exploit any VOTOCAST Materials in providing such services. 3 Source: VITALIBIS, INC., 8-K, 3/16/2018 5.3 Feedback. With regard to any recommendations, ideas, contributions, corrections. enhancements, improvements, or the like relating tothe Services that are created or originated by Licensee ("Feedback"), Licensee shall, prior to disclosure of such Feedback to VOTOCAST, providewritten notice to VOTOCAST if Licensee considers the Feedback to be proprietary to Licensee. The Parties will then exercise commerciallyreasonable efforts to reach an agreement regarding ownership and use of the Feedback prior to disclosure by Licensee. Any Feedback submitted toVOTOCAST without Licensee providing such written notice, shall be deemed the sole property of VOTOCAST and the same, together with allcopyrights, trade secrets, patent rights, and other intellectual property thereto shall be and hereby are assigned to VOTOCAST. 6. WARRANTIES 6.1 Licensee Warranties. Licensee warrants that: (a) it is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the jurisdiction of itsformation; (b) it has all requisite power and authority to execute this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder; (c) the execution,delivery, and performance of this Agreement has been duly authorized and this Agreement is a valid and binding contract enforceable inaccordance with its terms; (d) VOTOCASTS use of any data, information, or materials, including, without limitation, the Licensee Content andLicensee User information, provided by Licensee or Licensee Users does not and will not, to Licensees knowledge, contain any content, materials,advertising or services that are materially inaccurate or that infringe on or violate any applicable law, regulation or right of a third party, including,without limitation, or any proprietary, contract, moral, or privacy right or any other third party right, and that Licensee and/or Licensee Users ownthe Licensee Content or otherwise has the right to place the Licensee Content on the Mobile Apps; and (e) Licensee has obtained anyauthorization(s) necessary. Should Licensee receive notice of a claim regarding the Mobile Apps, Licensee shall promptly provide VOTOCAST withwritten notice of such claim. The sole remedy for any breach of Section 6.1 (d) and (e) shall be the provisions in Section 7.1. 6.2 VOTOCASTS Warranties. VOTOCAST warrants that: (a) it is a California corporation duly organized and validly existing under thejurisdiction of its formation; (b) it has all requisite power and authority to execute this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder; (c) theexecution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement has been duly authorized and this Agreement is a valid and binding contract enforceable inaccordance with its terms; (d) the Services, as set forth in the terms of this Agreement, will be performed in accordance with applicable industrystandards; (e) Licensed SoftwareWarranty is not based on time, but is based on support and maintenance of the prior 2 versions (defined byupdate) and the current version. (For clarity, if the current version is 1.7. we would also warrant 1.6 and 1.5.); (f) Configuration and CustomizationServices Licensee has a 15 business day period directly after the production release to report any defects related to the customization services;these defects are covered under the warrant and are corrected at "no cost" to the customer; and (g) Licensees use of any VOTOCAST Materialsprovided on the Mobile Apps does not and v. ill not, to VOTOCASTS knowledge, contain any content, materials, advertising or services that arematerially inaccurate or that infringe on or violate any applicable law, regulation or right of a third party. including, without limitation, or anyproprietary, contract, moral, or privacy right or any other third party right, and that VOTOCAST owns the content or otherwise has the right toplace the content on the Mobile Apps. The sole remedy for any breach of Section 6.2 (e) shall be the provisions in Section 7.2. 6.3 Disclaimer of Warranty. EXCEPT FOR THE LIMITED WARRANTY SET FORTH IN SECTION 6.2 VOTOCAST MAKES NOWARRANTIES HEREUNDER, AND VOTOCAST EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. INCLUDING,WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. 7. INDEMNIFICATION 7.1 Indemnification by Licensee. Licensee agrees to defend any action brought against VOTOCAST with respect to any claim, demand,cause of action, debt or liability, including reasonable outside attorneys fees, to the extent that such action arises from the negligence or willfulmisconduct of Licensee or is based upon a claim that any of the Licensee Content to be provided by Licensee hereunder or other material on theMobile App infringes or violates any rights of third parties, including without limitation, rights or publicity, rights of privacy, patents, copyrights,trademarks, trade secrets, and/or licenses. 7.2 Indenmification by VOTOCAST. VOTOCAST agrees to defend any action brought against Licensee with respect to any claim,demand, cause of action, debt or liability, including reasonable attorneys fees, to the extent that such action arises from the negligence or willfulmisconduct of VOTOCAST or is based upon a claim that any of the VOTOCAST Materials provided by VOTOCAST on the Mobile Apps infringesor violates any rights of third parties, including without limitation, rights or publicity, rights of privacy, patents, copyrights, trademarks, tradesecrets, and/or licenses. 4 Source: VITALIBIS, INC., 8-K, 3/16/2018 7.3 Notice. In claiming any indemnification hereunder, the indemnified Party shall promptly provide the indemnifying Party with writtennotice of any claim which the indemnified Party believes falls within the scope of the foregoing Sections. The indemnified Party may, at its ownexpense, assist in the defense if it so chooses, provided that the indemnifying Party shall control such defense and all negotiations relative to thesettlement of any such claim and further provided that any settlement intended to bind the indemnified Party shall not be final without theindemnified Partys written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 8.1 Exclusion of Certain Damages. VOTOCAST SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, OR ALTERATION,THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OF, THE MOBILE APPS OR LICENSEES OR LICENSEE USERS DATA FILES, PROGRAMS OR INFORMATIONTHROUGH ACCIDENT, FRAUDULENT MEANS OR DEVICES. VOTOCAST SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO VOTOCASTSOBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL. INCIDENTAL, ORPUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE. BUSINESS, OR DATA), EVEN IFVOTOCAST HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 8.2 Limitation. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, VOTOCASTS AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM ORRELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT OF ALL FEESACTUALLY RECEIVED BY VOTOCAST FROM LICENSEE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. THIS LIMITATION APPLIES TO ALL CAUSES OFACTION IN THE AGGREGATE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TO BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE.STRICT LIABILITY, MISREPRESENTATIONS, AND OTHER TORTS. 9. CONFIDENTIALITY 9.1 Confidential Information. Each Party agrees that during the course of this Agreement, information that is confidential or proprietarymay be disclosed to the other Party, including, but not limited to, software, algorithms, technical processes and procedures, product designs, sales,cost and other unpublished financial information, product and business plans, revenues, advertising relationships, projections, and marketing data,and any other information that the disclosing Party ("Discloser") desires to protect against unrestricted disclosure by the receiving Party("Recipient) that: (a) if disclosed in tangible or electronic form, is marked as "confidential," (b) if disclosed orally or visually, is designated orallyas "confidential" at the time of disclosure or within a reasonable period of time thereafter, or (c) that the Recipient knows or should reasonablyknow is confidential or proprietary. The Recipient will maintain the confidentiality of the Disclosers Confidential Information with at least the samedegree of care that it uses to protect its own confidential information, but no less than a reasonable degree of care. The Recipient will not discloseany of the Disclosers Confidential Information to any employees or third parties except for (I) the employees of the Recipient who have a need toknow and who have agreed in writing to maintain the confidentiality of such information, and (2) Recipients third party contractors who haveagreed in writing to maintain the confidentiality of such information. These confidentiality obligations shall survive for three (3) years afterexpiration or termination of this Agreement; provided, that the expiration of such obligations shall not affect any other restrictions on the Recipient,including without limitation, any restrictions under patent or copyright laws. 9.2 Exceptions. Confidential Information will not include any information that is: (a) rightfully in the public domain without any breach bythe Recipient, but only from the date it entered the public domain. (b) rightfully received by Recipient from a third party without any obligation ofconfidentiality, (c) rightfully known to the Recipient without any obligation of confidentiality prior to its receipt from the Discloser, (d)independently developed by the Recipients employees without use of the Disclosers Confidential Information. (e) made generally available to thirdparties by the Discloser without restrictions on disclosure, (0 required, on advice of counsel, to be disclosed under applicable laws, rules, orregulations, provided that Recipient gives reasonable prior notice to Discloser of such duty to disclose, or (vii) technical feedback from Licenseerelated to the Services. 10. TERM AND TERMINATION 10.1 Term. This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for one (I) year, unless earlier terminated asexpressly provided in Sections 1.3. 10.1. or 10.2 of this Agreement (the Initial Term"). This Agreement shall automatically renew beyond theInitial Term for successive one (I) year terms (each, a "Renewal Term"), unless a Party provides the other with written notice of termination at leastone hundred eighty (180) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term. Regardless of the term, Licensee canterminate Agreement with at least one hundred eighty (180) days written notice with no further obligation. 5 Source: VITALIBIS, INC., 8-K, 3/16/2018 10.2 Termination for Breach. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may terminate this Agreement by giving written notice to theother Party if the other Party is in material breach of any obligation under this Agreement, ‘‘which breach is not cured within thirty (30) days afterreceipt of written notice of such breach. In addition, either Party may terminate this Agreement effective immediately upon written notice to theother Party if the other Party: (a) terminates or suspends its business operations, (b) becomes the subject of any bankruptcy or insolvencyproceeding, (c) becomes insolvent or unable to pay its obligations as they accrue, or (d) becomes subject to direct control by a trustee, receiver, orsimilar authority. 10.3 Effect of Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement. VOTOCAST shall immediately cease providing all Services, Licensee andLicensees Users shall discontinue use of the Services. and VOTOCAST shall delete all stored contents of Licensee and Licensees Users (after firstdelivering a copy of such stored content to Licensee). However, VOTOCAST shall continue to be entitled to receive, and the Licensee shallcontinue to pay to VOTOCAST, the amounts owing to VOTOCAST up to the date of termination pursuant to Section 4. Termination of thisAgreement shall not act as a waiver of any breach of this Agreement or as a release of either Party from any liability for breach of such Partysobligations under this Agreement. Regardless of any other provision of this Agreement, VOTOCAST shall not be liable by reason of termination ofthis Agreement for compensation, reimbursement, or damages on account of the loss of prospective profits on anticipated sales, or on account ofexpenditures, investments, leases or other commitments made in connection with Licensees business or otherwise, excluding any amounts paid byLicensee to VOTOCAST pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 10.4 Survival. Sections 4.2. 4.3. 5. 6. 7, 8. 9. 10.3. 10.4, 11, and any other provision of this Agreement which by its nature or express termsextends beyond the duration of this Agreement, shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 11. OTHER PROVISIONS 11.1 Independent Parties. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as creating a joint venture, partnership, agent oremployment relationship between VOTOCAST and Licensee. 11.2 Waiver. The failure of either Party to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of that provision or of theright of the Party to thereafter enforce that or any other provision. 11.3 Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement should be declared invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction or byoperation of law, the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be unimpaired, and the invalid term or provision shall be replaced bysuch valid term or provision as comes closest to the intention underlying the invalid term or provision. 11.4 Notices. All notices and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be: (a)delivered personally, (b) sent by confirmed email, (c) sent by commercial overnight courier with written verification of receipt, or (d) sent byregistered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage paid, to the address of the Party to be noticed as set forth herein, or such otheraddress as such Party last provided to the other by written notice. VITA LI BI S. INC.Attn: Thomas Raack5348 Vegas DriveLas Vegas, NV 89108Phone: 702-944-9620Email: traackvitalibis.comVOTOCAST, Inc. (dba, newkleus)Attn: Steve RaackPO Box 7302Newport Beach, CA 92658Phone: 310-259-1248Email: steveVOTOCAST.com 11.5 Integration. This Agreement and its exhibits constitute the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matterhereof and supersede all prior proposals, negotiations, conversations, discussions and agreements between the Panics concerning the subjectmatter hereof. 6 Source: VITALIBIS, INC., 8-K, 3/16/2018 11.6 Assignment. Neither Party may assign this Agreement or otherwise transfer in any way any of the rights and obligations arising out ofthis Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (1) either Party may assign this Agreement toany entity who acquires (by merger, acquisition, or otherwise) all or substantially all of the business assets of such Party applicable to the subjectmatter of this Agreement; and (2) VOTOCAST may subcontract any portion of the Services to a third party contractor without the prior consent ofLicensee, provided that VOTOCAST remains fully responsible to Licensee for the delivery of such Services as set forth in this Agreement. Anyattempted assignment or delegation without such prior written consent, except as expressly set forth herein, will be void, or at the non-assigningPartys sole discretion, may be treated as fully binding upon and in force and effect against any such successor or assign. 11.7 Publicity. VOTOCAST may only use the name of and identify Licensee as a VOTOCAST client. in advertising, publicity, or similarmaterials distributed or displayed to prospective clients upon the written approval (by email or other written means) of Licensee, which approvalshall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 11.8 Force Majeure. Except for the payment of fees by Licensee, neither Party shall be responsible for any delay or failure to performobligations specified in this Agreement due to causes beyond the Partys reasonable control. including, without limitation, acts of God, strikes,lockouts, riots, acts of war, governmental regulations, shortage of equipment, materials or supplies, fire, power failure. earthquakes, severe weather,floods or other natural disaster; provided, however, it is understood that this Section is intended only to suspend and not discharge a Partysobligations under this Agreement and that when the causes of the delay or failure are removed or alleviated, the affected Party shall resumeperformance of its obligations hereunder. 11.9 Amendments. No amendment or modification of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless the same shall be in writingand signed by both Parties. 11.10 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without giving effect to conflict or choice oflaw principles. The Parties hereto agree that the exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any action under this Agreement shall be the state and federalcourts sitting in California, and each of the Parties hereby agrees and submits itself to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts for suchpurpose. 11.11 Freedom of Action. This Agreement is non-exclusive. The Parties acknowledge that each Party is free to enter into agreements thatare similar to this Agreement with any corporation or other entity; including competitors of the other Party, provided the confidentiality provisionsof this Agreement are not breached and the intellectual property rights of the other Party are not misappropriated or infringed. 11.12 Injunctive Relief. The Parties acknowledge that any breach by the other Party of any of the covenants or provisions contained inthis Agreement may give rise to irreparable injury to non-breaching Party inadequately compensable in damages alone. Accordingly, the non-breaching Party may seek preliminary and permanent injunctive relief against the breach or threatened breach of said covenants or provisions. Suchrelief shall be in addition to any other legal or equitable remedies that may be available to the non-breaching Party. 11.13 Laws and Regulations. Licensee and VOTOCAST agree to comply with applicable laws, rules, and regulations, including anyInternet regulations or policies and applicable export laws, in its performance under this Agreement. 11.14 Non-Solicitation. Each Party agrees that during the term of this Agreement and for a period of twelve (12) consecutive monthsthereafter they shall not, directly, solicit, engage, compensate, induce in any way or hire for employment or other representation, any officer,employee, consultant or other representative employed or retained by the other Party or assist any other person or entity to do any of theforegoing. If any such action occurs and results in an employee accepting employment with the other Party, the Party with whom the employeeaccepts employment agrees to pay to the other Party as liquidated damages, an amount equal to two times that particular individuals annual salaryand bonus. 7 Source: VITALIBIS, INC., 8-K, 3/16/2018 11.15 Execution and Authority. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original,but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. A facsimile or imaged copy of this Agreement, including the facsimileor imaged signatures of the Parties representatives thereon, shall for all purposes be deemed equivalent to an original. 11.16 Effective Date. The Effective Date of this Agreement shall be the later of the dates shown by the signatures below. IN WITNESS WHEREOF. the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed below by their respective duly authorizedrepresentatives. VITABILIS, INC.VOTOCAST, INC. (“Votocast”) By: /s/ Markus FrickBy: /s/ Steven P. RaackName: Markus FrickName: Steven P. RaackTitle: DirectorTitle: CEO Date: 3-14-18Date: 3-7-18 8 Source: VITALIBIS, INC., 8-K, 3/16/2018 EXHIBIT ASERVICES AND FEESServices Fees: 1.Implementation Fees: Implementation Fees for Branded Mobile Apps are shown in the table below: ServiceFeeBranded Mobile Apps0Admin Database0Website Integration (APIs)0Existing Mobile App Integration (APIs and/or SDKs)SO These are one-time fees, paid in advance. No work will begin until these fees have been received. 2.License and Hosting Fees License and Hosting Fees are as shown in the table below: of Monthly Video ViewsFeeUp to 9,999SOBetween 10.000 24,9991.000Between 25.000 49,9991.500Over 50,0002,000 License and Hosting Fees will be billed after each month, based on the Total Number of Videos Views for that month. For tracking andvalidation purposes, the Total Number of Video Views will be shown within the Admin Database as a cumulative metric. 3.Scone of Services: - Branded iOS Mobile App- Branded Android Mobile App- Application APIs- Application SDKs- Admin Database Unless specifically noted othenwise, the scope of all services provided by VOTOCAST is limited to the usage and ongoing support of theServices only, and does not include analysis, operation, integration, development, additional training or modification of other custom or OEMpackaged software applications, hardware or systems. Such services can be requested by Licensee and negotiated under a separate SOW. PRICES ARE STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL. NO PART OF THIS DOCUMENT, ESPECIALLY PRICING INFORMATION, MAY BE DISCLOSED INANY MANNER TO A THIRD PARTY WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF VOTOCAST. 9 Source: VITALIBIS, INC., 8-K, 3/16/2018 EXHIBIT B ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA Acceptance criteria shall be as follows: Licensee Content was applied to the Mobile Apps appropriately A user can create a new account and login using an existing account A user can upload a video, vote for a video, comment on a video, share a video, report a video, follow another user, follow a campaign, and setup their user profile An admin user can login to the Admin Module, create campaigns, delete comments, delete videos, export user information and monitor keymetrics Upon Acceptance approval by Licensee per Section 13, VOTOCAST will assist in publishing the Mobile Apps on the AppStore and onGooglePlay. 10 Source: VITALIBIS, INC., 8-K, 3/16/2018 EXHIBIT CSERVICE LEVELS VOTOCAST shall provide support to Licensee, in English, through e-mail (supportVOTOCAST.com), five (5) days a week, eight hours a day (9:00to 5:00 PST). Monday to Friday, excluding federal and banking holidays. Licensee shall be solely responsible for support to Licensee Users.Licensee agrees that VOTOCAST is responsible only for providing the Services, and is not responsible for providing any services or performingany tasks not specifically set forth in Exhibit A. unless such services or tasks are mutually agreed upon in writing by authorized representatives ofthe Parties. SeverityResponse TimeSeverity 1Every Two Hours (24x7)Severity 2Every 8 Hours (9AM-5PM PST)Severity 3Every 48 Hours (9A1V1-5PM PST)Severity 4Every 72 Hours (9AM-5PM PST) "Response Time" means the time beginning when Licensee informs VOTOCAST of a Support incident and ending when the Support incident iseither resolved or a reasonable fix is implemented. Support Incident Severity Definitions and Responses: Classifications. By mutual agreement (following the definitions noted here below), Support incidents will be classified by type as a Severity I, 2, 3 or4. Severity 1Definition - Critical business impact, including Licensee being unable to use one or more of the features resulting in a critical impact on operations.This condition requires immediate resolution. Severity 1 Condition - Issue has a critical business impact and / or a crippling effect on the Licensees business. Examples include the following: The production system is downCritical features are unusableData is not accessibleCompany has repeated production outages that are disrupting the success of their business NOTE: A critical situation does not automatically imply Severity 1. The associated problems business impact sets the Severity. Severity 2Definition To the extent not a Severity 1, significant business impact, including when one of the critical features is usable but is severely limited.Severity 2 Conditions. Examples include the following: Non-production system data is inaccessibleDegraded performance having serious negative impact on businessA database/application error has occurred, severely hampering business operability Severity 3Definition To the extent not a Severity I or a Severity 2, some business impact, including when one of the critical features is usable but with lesssignificant features (e.g., not critical to operations) being unavailable. 11 Source: VITALIBIS, INC., 8-K, 3/16/2018 Severity 3 Conditions. Examples include the following: Aesthetic formatting inconsistenciesDegraded performance such as unusually slow application response causing user dissatisfaction and reported complaintsAcceptable (by Licensee) workarounds available for incidents initially classified as Severity I or Severity 2 Severity 4Definition To the extent not a Severity I, Severity 2 or Severity 3, minimal business impact, including when the problem results in little impact onoperations or a reasonable circumvention to the problem has been implemented. Severity 4 Conditions. Examples include the following: General question such as "how-to"Issue with little or no impact on businessDocumentation issuesIssue is essentially resolved but remains open for Licensee confirmation 12 Source: VITALIBIS, INC., 8-K, 3/16/2018 EXHIBIT DFORM OF SOW STATEMENT OF WORK XXXX TO SERVICES AND HOSTING AGREEMENT THIS STATEMENT OF WORK XA2X TO SERVICES AND HOSTING AGREEMENT (this "Statement of Work") is made and entered intoas of (the "SOW Effective Date"), by and between VITALIBIS INC. a Nevada C Corporation having its principal place of business at 5348Vegas Drive, Las Vegas NV 89108 (hereinafter, "Licensee"), and VOTOCAST, Inc., a California corporation (dba, newkleus), having its principalplace of business at PO Box 7302 Newport Beach, CA 92658 (hereinafter, "VOTOCAST"). VOTOCAST and Licensee may also be referred toindividually as a "Party" and collectively as the Parties."RECITALS WHEREAS, Licensee and VOTOCAST have entered into a Services and Hosting Agreement (the "Agreement) dated March 7th, 2018(the "Effective Date"). WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 1.4 of the Agreement, the Parties now desire to enter into this Statement of Work describing ProfessionalServices to be performed by VOTOCAST and the terms and conditions applicable to the performance of such Professional Services. AGREEMENT NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants herein contained, the undersigned hereby agree as follows: 1. Statement of Work. This Statement of Work sets forth the scope of Professional Services to be rendered by VOTOCAST pursuant to theAgreement. The Agreement is hereby expressly supplemented by the terms and conditions contained in this Statement of Work and, except asexpressly provided herein, the terms and conditions of the Agreement shall apply to the SOW Services (as defined below). Any capitalized termsused in this Statement of Work which are not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Agreement. Should a conflictarise between a term or provision of this Statement of Work and a term or provision of the Agreement, (i) every effort shall be made to interpret andconstrue the Agreement and this Statement of Work in an inclusive and consistent manncr, and (ii) if such consistent interpretation is impossible,then the terms of the Agreement shall prevail unless specifically provided otherwise in this Statement of Work. 2. Services. VOTOCAST agrees to use reasonable efforts to perform the Professional Services as set forth in Schedule A attached hereto (the "SOWServices"). 3. Payment. 3.1 Services Fee. As payment for the SOW Services, Licensee shall pay VOTOCAST TBD as analysis and negotiations are necessary(the "SOW Services Fee"). Licensee shall pay or promptly reimburse VOTOCAST for any out-of-pocket expenses, including without limitation,travel and travel-related expenses, incurred by VOTOCAST in connection with the performance of the SOW Services. 3.2 Payment Terms. The SOW Services Fee will be invoiced twice monthly by VOTOCAST and invoiced in even increments betweenSOW execution and scheduled production deployment. Payment for the SOW Services Fee shall be in U.S. dollars and is due and payable withinfifteen (15) days of the applicable VOTOCAST invoice. Except as othenwise provided herein, all payments due and payable under this Statement ofWork shall be made in accordance with the payment terms set forth in Section 4 of the Agreement. 13 Source: VITALIBIS, INC., 8-K, 3/16/2018 4. Change Orders. If Licensee desires to extend the SOW Services in any way, the Parties agree to negotiate in good faith and enter into a separatechange order that sets forth the terms and conditions (including any additional consideration) applicable to such additional services as set forth inSchedule B attached hereto (the "Change Order"). Neither Party shall have any obligation with respect to any services not specifically describedin the Agreement, this Statement of Work, or a Change Order unless and until such has been agreed to in a writing executed by the authorizedrepresentatives of both Parties. The following are authorized to sign or provide email approval Change Orders in behalf of Licensee: Name: Thomas RaackTitle: CFO Secretary IN WITNESS WHEREOF, VOTOCAST and Licensee have executed this Statement of Work effective as of the SOW Effective Date. VITABILIS, INC.VOTOCAST, INC. “Votocast”) By: ______________________By: ______________________Name: ____________________Name: ____________________Title: _____________________Title: _____________________ Date: _______Date: _______ Source: VITALIBIS, INC., 8-K, 3/16/2018