EXHIBIT 10.14 ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT THIS ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), made and entered into asof May 31, 1999, by and between FAMOUS FIXINS, INC., 250 West 57th Street,Suite 2501, New York, New York 10107 ("Company") and PEY DIRT, INC. ("PeyDirt"). WITNESSETH WHEREAS, Company desires to obtain the right to use the name, likenessand endorsement of Peyton Manning (hereinafter called "Manning") inconnection with the advertisement, promotion and sale of Companys "Products"(hereinafter defined); and WHEREAS, Manning has granted such rights to Pey Dirt together with theright to sublicense such rights. NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and of themutual promises and conditions herein contained, the parties do hereby agreeas follows: 1. Definitions. As used herein, the following terms shall bedefined as set forth below: (a) "Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing as ofMay 31, 1999 and concluding May 31, 2000. (b) "Contract Territory" shall mean the states of Indianapolis andTennessee and Companys e-commerce site. (c) "Contract Year Quarter" shall mean each 3 consecutive monthperiod occurring during any Contract Year ("Contract Year" meaning any twelvemonth period herein commencing as of June 1) (so that, by way of example, thefirst Contract Year Quarter of the first Contract Year commences as of June1, 1999, the second commences on September 1, 1999, etc.). (d) "Endorsed Products" shall mean all Products of Company which havethe Manning Identification (defined below) highlighted as a part thereof (inthe Products name or otherwise) or which are shipped in containers orpackages bearing the Manning Identification. (e) "Manning Identification" shall mean any words or symbols orphotographic or graphic representations or combinations thereof whichidentify Manning such as, for example, the name and likeness of Manning. (f) "Premium Program" shall mean any traffic builder, third partytie-in program or other program involving the use of a premium and shallinclude any program primarily designed to attract the consumer to purchase aproduct or service other than Endorsed Products themselves. (g) "Products" shall mean cold breakfast cereals. 2. Grant of Endorsement Rights. (a) Pey Dirt grants to Company theexclusive right and license to use Manning Identification within the ContractTerritory during the Contract Period in connection with the advertisement andpromotion by Company of Products in television, radio, print and point ofpurchase. Pey Dirt also grants to Company, subject to all of the terms andconditions herein, the non-exclusive right to use the Manning Identificationin connection with certain merchandise that may be featured on the back panelof the Endorsed Products packaging, said merchandise to be subject to PeyDirts sole and exclusive discretion and approval. Notwithstanding anythingherein to the contrary, it is specifically agreed that the ManningIdentification cannot be used, in whole or in part, in connection with (i)Premium Programs and/or (ii) any multi-media use except for Companys e-commerce site. Pey Dirt expressly agrees that the right to use ManningIdentification will not be granted to anyone other than Company for usewithin the Contract Territory during the Contract Period in connection withthe advertisement, promotion and sale of Products. Anything herein to thecontrary notwithstanding, Company shall not have the right to distributephotographs of Manning which are larger than 5" x 7". (b) Company agrees that during the Contract Period it will use itsbest efforts actively and aggressively to (i) promote the sale of allEndorsed Products in the Contract Territory, and (ii) prevent the sale of anyEndorsed Products outside the Contract Territory. Failure of Company tocomply with the provisions of this Section 2(b) shall entitle Pey Dirt torevoke this license immediately (notwithstanding any other provision in thisAgreement to the contrary). (c) Pey Dirt has the right to terminate this Agreement immediately ifCompanys Endorsed Products are not being distributed in the ContractTerritory to a significant number of stores by October 1, 1999. 3. Approvals. Company agrees that no use whatsoever of ManningIdentification nor any item used in connection with Manning Identification(including, without limitation, advertising) will be made hereunder unlessand until the same has been approved by Pey Dirt. Pey Dirt agrees that anymaterial, advertising or otherwise, submitted for approval as provided hereinmay be deemed by Company to have been approved hereunder if the same is notdisapproved in writing within fourteen (14) days after receipt thereof.Pey Dirt agrees that any material submitted hereunder will not beunreasonably disapproved and, if it is disapproved, that Company will beadvised of the specific grounds therefor. Company agrees to protect,indemnify and save harmless Pey Dirt and Manning, or either of them, from andagainst any and -2-all expenses, damages, claims, suits, actions, judgments andcosts whatsoever, arising out of, or in any way connected with, anyadvertising material furnished by, or on behalf of, Company. 4. Remuneration. (a) Within thirty (30) days following theconclusion of each Contract Year Quarter, Company shall deliver to Pey Dirtan itemized statement setting forth the total shipments of Endorsed Productsduring said Contract Year Quarter and, at the same time, shall pay to PeyDirt a royalty with respect to such shipments as hereinafter provided. Suchroyalties shall be based upon the actual invoice price of such shipments,exclusive only of shipping charges and sales taxes, and shall be at the rateof 8.5% of the total of said invoice prices with a minimum invoice priceof 2.50 per box. (b) In addition to the royalty payments set forth above, Companyagrees to grant Pey Dirt an option to purchase an aggregate of 50,000 sharesof Companys publicly traded and registered stock (the "Shares") at anexercise price of 0.15 per share (the "Option"), which Option shall vestand become unrestricted when the SEC declares Companys registrationstatement effective (anticipated to be no later than November 30, 1999) andshall be exercisable until June 30, 2004. As further inducement to Pey Dirtto enter into this Agreement, Company and Pey Dirt will enter into thatcertain Option Agreement dated as of the date of this Agreement, which shallgovern all aspects of the Option. (c) Further, Pey Dirt will be entitled to fifty percent(50%) of all gross profits (i.e., gross revenues less only Companysactual out-of-pocket costs of obtaining the raw merchandise) generated frommerchandise related to the Endorsed Products and/or the ManningIdentification, said merchandise to be advertised exclusively on the backpanel of each box of Endorsed Products. Except for the advertising ofmerchandise related to the Endorsed Products and/or the ManningIdentification, no other use of the back panel of each box of EndorsedProducts is permitted without Pey Dirts prior written consent. It is agreedthat all such merchandise must be mutually approved in all respects by theparties hereto, including, without limitation, the style, design and costthereof. (d) In addition to and separate from any other remunerationhereunder, if Company uses any performance or service of Manning hereunder inany way that is subject to the jurisdiction of any applicable artists union,guild or other organization (including, without limitation, SAG and AFTRA),either during or after the Contract Period, Company shall pay directly tosuch organization all minimum payments or fees (for benefit plans orotherwise) required to be made with respect to Mannings performance orservices. (e) If, at any time during the Contract Period, Company shall enterinto any agreement (the terms of what are significantly the same as the termshereof) in connection with the production and sale of Companys productsusing the name, likeness, photographic representation or signature of anyother National Football League quarterback (active or retired), whichagreement provides for the payment to such individual of remuneration inexcess of that set forth herein, then Company agrees it will immediately sonotify Pey Dirt -3-and, at the same time, shall, retroactive to the effectivedate of such other agreement, increase the rate of remuneration paid to PeyDirt hereunder up to the highest then-current rate paid by Company to anysuch National Football League quarterback (active or retired) for a regionalendorsement deal. 5. Notices and Submissions. Pey Dirt hereby designatesInternational Merchandising Corporation, IMG Center, Suite 100, 1360 East 9thStreet, Cleveland, Ohio 44114, Attn.: Peter Johnson, as Pey Dirts authorizedagent for all purposes hereunder. All notices, submissions and/or requestsfor approval to be made, obtained or delivered by Company to Pey Dirtpursuant to this Agreement shall be delivered to said address free of allcharges such as, for example, shipping charges and customs charges. In theevent that any such charges are paid by Pey Dirt or by Pey Dirts authorizedagent, Company agrees to make prompt reimbursement. 6. Payments; Books and Records. (a) Pey Dirt may elect to havepayments made by check, wire transfer or bank transfer. Unless such electionhas been made in writing, all payments shall be made by check drawn to theorder of "Pey Dirt, Inc." and delivered to IMG, Suite 100, 1360 East 9thStreet, Cleveland, Ohio 44114, Attn.: Peter Johnson. Past due paymentshereunder shall bear interest at the rate of (i) one and one-half percent(1-1/2%) per month, or (ii) the maximum interest rate permissible underlaw, whichever is less. (b) Company agrees that it will keep accurate and complete recordsand books of account showing all Endorsed Products shipped by it and theprice thereof. Pey Dirt, or its representatives, shall, upon two weekswritten notice, have the right at all reasonable times (prior to theexpiration of two (2) years after the termination of the Contract Period) toinspect and make copies of the books and records of Company insofar as theyshall relate to the computation of royalties to be paid to Pey Dirt hereunderand the shipment of Endorsed Products pursuant to this Agreement. In theevent that any such inspections show an underreporting and underpayment inexcess of five percent (5%) for any twelve (12) month period, then Companyshall pay the cost of such examination. 7. Labels/Packaging. (a) It is understood that each of the EndorsedProducts shipped by Company or its container or the packaging therefor shallhave affixed thereto a label or other permanent identification which includesManning Identification. (b) It is hereby agreed that the back panel of the Endorsed Productspackaging will feature ad copy or offers as determined by Pey Dirt and itsagent, subject to Companys right to reasonably reject such materials only ifsuch materials are clearly offensive to a majority of the populace. Any andall revenues generated by such ad copy or offers shall be disbursed inaccordance with Section 4(c) above. Further, the side panel of the EndorsedProducts packaging shall feature a charity or other entity of Mannings solechoice. All packaging costs shall be Companys sole responsibility. -4- 8. Trademarks. Should Company, at any time or times during theContract Period, desire to register a trademark or trademarks which includeManning Identification, or which relate in any manner to Manning, and/or toregister Company as a user thereof, Pey Dirt shall execute any and alldocuments which the parties reasonably believe to be necessary or desirablefor registration or protection of such trademark or trademarks in the name ofManning. All costs related to any such trademarks shall be borne by Company,and ownership of any such trademarks shall rest solely in the name of PeyDirt or its designee. Upon registration of any such trademark, Pey Dirtshall grant to Company a license for the use of such registered trademark onor in connection with the advertisement, promotion and sale of EndorsedProducts, which license shall be coextensive and coterminous with the rightsgranted thereunder with respect to Manning Identification and shall requireno increase in the payments set forth but shall contain such additionalprovisions as Pey Dirt reasonably believes are necessary for the protectionof such trademark registered in the name of Manning or Pey Dirt. Companyagrees that it will not file, during the Contract Period or thereafter, anyapplication for trademark registration or otherwise obtain or attempt toobtain ownership of any trademark or trade name within the Contract Territoryor in any other country of the world which consists of Manning Identificationor any mark, design or logo intended to make reference to Manning or toidentify products endorsed by Manning. In the event that, prior to theContract Period, Company has filed one or more applications for registrationof any such trademark, or otherwise has obtained any rights to suchtrademark, Company agrees to cause such applications and/or trademarks to beassigned and transferred to Pey Dirt forthwith. 9. Products for the Use of Pey Dirt. During the Contract Period,Company shall supply Pey Dirt and/or its agent with such amounts of EndorsedProducts as Pey Dirt and/or its agent may reasonably request. Company agreesto pay all charges in connection with the delivery of Endorsed Products toPey Dirt and/or Pey Dirts agent, including shipping charges, air freightcharges and customs charges. Company agrees to reimburse Pey Dirtsauthorized agent for all such expenses incurred by it in connection with thetransfer of Endorsed Products to Pey Dirt and/or Pey Dirts agent. 10. Services of Manning. If Company desires to utilize the servicesof Manning as a model in connection with photographs or drawings foradvertising or for personal appearances, Pey Dirt agrees, at the reasonablerequest of Company and upon adequate notice, to provide the services ofManning at a time and place reasonably convenient to the schedule of Manning.Company agrees that it will reimburse Pey Dirt for reasonable travel(including first class air fare), lodging, ground transportation and mealexpenses incurred by Manning and one traveling companion designated byManning. Company further agrees it will reimburse Pey Dirts authorizedagent for reasonable travel (including air fare), lodging and meal expensesincurred in providing one representative to accompany Manning. Companyunderstands that if services are requested hereunder, such services may becoordinated with similar services for others entitled to the use of ManningIdentification in other connections. Company further understands that suchservices may be required not more than once during the Contract Period for upto one (1) hour. In the event that Company elects to use the services ofManning in connection with television -5-advertising, Company shall make all required union scale and union pensionand welfare payments. Company further understands that failure to utilizeservices of Manning pursuant to this section shall not result in anyreduction in payments to Pey Dirt hereunder, nor may the obligation toprovide services be carried past the Contract Period. The obligations ofPey Dirt to provide the services of Manning hereunder are subject to thecondition that payments to Pey Dirt are current and up to date. 11. Force Majeure. If, at any time during this Agreement, Pey Dirtor Manning is prevented from or hampered or interrupted or interfered with inany manner whatever in fully performing its/his duties hereunder, by reasonof any present or future statute, law, ordinance, regulation, order, judgmentor decree, whether legislative, executive or judicial (whether or not valid),act of God, earthquake, fire, flood, epidemic, accident, explosion, casualty,lockout, boycott, strike, labor controversy (including but not limited tothreat of lockout, boycott or strike), riot, civil disturbance, war or armedconflict (whether or not there has been an official declaration of war orofficial statement as to the existence of a state of war), invasion,occupation, intervention of military forces, act of public enemy, embargo,delay of a common carrier, inability without default on Companys part toobtain sufficient material, labor, transportation, power or other essentialcommodity required in the conduct of its business; or by reason of any causebeyond his reasonable control; or by reason of any other cause of any similarnature (all of the foregoing being herein referred to as an "event of forcemajeure"), then Pey Dirts/Mannings obligations hereunder shall be suspendedas often as any such event of force majeure occurs and during such periods oftime as such events of force majeure exist and such non-performance shall notbe deemed to be a breach of this Agreement. 12. Default. (a) If either party at any time during the ContractPeriod shall (i) fail to make any payment of any sum of money hereinspecified to be made, or (ii) fail to observe or perform any of thecovenants, agreements or obligations hereunder (other than the payment ofmoney), the non-defaulting party may terminate this Agreement as follows: asto subparagraph (i) if such payment is not made within ten (10) days afterthe defaulting party shall have received written notice of such failure tomake payment, or as to subparagraph (ii) if such default is not cured withinthirty (30) days after the defaulting party shall have received writtennotice specifying in reasonable detail the nature of such default. In orderto be a sufficient notice hereunder, any such written notice shall specify indetail each item of default and shall specify the provision of this Agreementwhich applies to each item of default, and shall specify in detail the actionthe defaulting party must take in order to cure each such item of default.The termination rights set forth in this section shall not constitute theexclusive remedy of the nondefaulting party hereunder, however, and ifdefault is made by either party hereunder, the other may resort to such otherremedies as said party would have been entitled to if this section hadbeen omitted from this Agreement. Termination under the provisions of thissection shall be without prejudice to any rights or claims which theterminating party may otherwise have against the defaulting party. -6- (b) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the cure periodsset forth in subparagraphs (a)(i) and (a)(ii) above only apply to Companysfirst default under this Agreement. Accordingly, Pey Dirt may, afterCompanys first default has occurred under either subparagraph (a)(i) orsubparagraph (a)(ii) above and has been cured, thereafter immediatelyterminate this Agreement upon any further defaults by Company hereunderwithout providing Company an opportunity to cure any additional defaults. 13. Termination. From and after the termination of the ContractPeriod all of the rights of Company to the use of Manning Identificationshall cease absolutely and Company shall not thereafter use or refer toManning Identification in advertising or promotion in any manner whatsoever,it being understood by Company that Manning Identification may be used at anytime by others in connection with the advertisement and promotion of Productsthe shipment of which is completed after the termination of the ContractPeriod. It is further agreed that following termination of the ContractPeriod, Company shall not advertise, promote, distribute or sell any itemwhatsoever in connection with the use of any name, figure, design, logo,trademark or trade name similar to or suggestive of Manning Identification. 14. Inventory of Endorsed Products on Termination/Expiration. AnyEndorsed Products that may have been manufactured by or for Company prior tothe termination or expiration of the Contract Period may be sold by Companyduring the ninety (90) day period next following the date of termination orexpiration; provided, however, that Company shall have no such rights unless(a) Company is not in default of any of its obligations hereunder on the dateof termination or expiration, (b) within fifteen (15) days after the date oftermination or expiration, Company shall furnish to Pey Dirt a writtenstatement of the number and description of Endorsed Products actually instock on the date of termination or expiration, (c) the quantity of EndorsedProducts in stock on the date of termination or expiration is not in excessof a reasonable inventory based upon Companys selling requirements ofEndorsed Products during the Contract Period, (d) Company shall continue topay to Pey Dirt with respect to such sales a royalty at the rates specifiedherein, and (e) royalties payable pursuant to this section shall be paidwithin thirty (30) days following the end of each calendar month with respectto shipments made during such month. 15. Collegiate/National Football League Trademarks. Nothing containedherein shall be construed to convey to Company any rights to use thetrademarks, logos or uniform of the University of Tennessee, the IndianapolisColts, the National Football League or any other professional or amateurfootball association (including any member clubs or teams of suchassociation) in conjunction with the rights granted hereunder. All rights tothe use of such trademarks, logos or team identification must be acquiredfrom the University of Tennessee, the Indianapolis Colts, the NationalFootball League, or any other appropriate rights holder. 16. Indemnity. Company agrees to protect, indemnify and saveharmless Pey Dirt, Pey Dirts agent and Manning, or any of them, from andagainst any and all expenses, damages, claims, suits, actions, judgments andcosts whatsoever, including reasonable attorneys fees, -7-arising out of, or in any way connected with, this Agreement, Companysdefault hereunder, the negligence, actions, errors or omissions of Companyor any claim or action for personal injury, death or otherwise involvingalleged defects in Companys Products, provided that Company shall be givennotice of any such action or claim. Company agrees to provide and maintain,at its own expense, general liability insurance and product liabilityinsurance with limits no less than 3,000,000 and within thirty (30) daysfrom the date hereof, Company will submit to Pey Dirt a fully paid policy orcertificate of insurance naming Pey Dirt, Pey Dirts agent and Manning asadditional insured parties, requiring that the insurer shall not terminateor materially modify such without written notice to Pey Dirt at least twenty(20) days in advance thereof. 17. Waiver. The failure of either party at any time or times todemand strict performance by the other of any of the terms, covenants orconditions set forth herein shall not be construed as a continuing waiver orrelinquishment thereof and each may at any time demand strict and completeperformance by the other of said terms, covenants and conditions. 18. Bankruptcy. If Company shall become bankrupt or insolvent, or ifCompanys business shall be placed in the hands of a Receiver, Assignee orTrustee, whether by voluntary act of Company r otherwise, the ContractPeriod shall, at the option of Pey Dirt, immediately terminate. 19. Assignment. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit ofPey Dirt and the successors and assigns of Pey Dirt. Nothing herein shallprevent Pey Dirt from assigning the monetary benefits of this Agreement as itmay so desire. Further, inasmuch as it is recognized that Pey Dirt is therepresentative of Manning, Pey Dirt may at any time assign this Agreement toManning and, in such event, Pey Dirt shall have no further obligation orliability in connection herewith and Pey Dirts position vis-a-vis Company inconnection herewith shall be in all respects the same as if Pey Dirt hadsigned this Agreement as agent rather than as principal from the beginning.The rights granted Company hereunder shall be used only by it and shall not,without the prior written consent of Pey Dirt, be transferred or assigned toany other. In the event of the merger or consolidation of Company with anyother entity, Pey Dirt shall have the right to terminate the Contract Periodby so notifying Company in writing on or before sixty (60) days after Pey Dirthas received notice of such merger or consolidation. 20. Arbitration. In the event a dispute arises under this agreementwhich cannot be resolved, such dispute shall be submitted to arbitration andresolved by a single arbitrator (who shall be a lawyer) in accordance withthe Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association thenin effect. All such arbitration shall take place at the office of theAmerican Arbitration Association located in Nashville, Tennessee. Each partyis entitled to depose one (1) fact witness and any expert witness designatedby the other party, and to conduct such other discovery as the arbitratordeems appropriate. The award or decision rendered by the arbitrator shall befinal, binding and conclusive and judgment may be entered upon such award byany court. -8- 21. Significance of Headings. Section headings contained herein aresolely for the purpose of aiding in speedy location of subject matter and arenot in any sense to be given weight in the construction of this Agreement.Accordingly, in case of any question with respect to the construction of thisAgreement, it is to be construed as though such section headings had beenomitted. 22. Entire Agreement. This writing constitutes the entire agreementbetween the parties hereto and may not be changed or modified except by awriting signed by the party or parties to be charged thereby. 23. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed and construedaccording to the law of Tennessee. 24. Reservation of Rights. All rights not herein specificallygranted to Company shall remain the property of Pey Dirt to be used in anymanner Pey Dirt deems appropriate. Company understands that Pey Dirt hasreserved to itself the right to authorize others to use Pey DirtIdentification within the Contract Territory and during the Contract Periodin connection with all tangible and intangible items and services other thanProducts themselves. 25. No Joint Venture. This Agreement does not constitute and shallnot be construed as constituting a partnership or joint venture between Turn2 and Company. Neither party shall have any right to obligate or bind theother party in any manner whatsoever, and nothing herein contained shallgive, or is intended to give, any rights of any kind to any third person. 26. Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance of thisAgreement by Company and by Pey Dirt has been duly authorized and approved bythe Board of Directors of Company and by the Board of Directors of Pey Dirtand constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Company and of Pey Dirtenforceable in accordance with its terms. 27. Execution and Delivery . This instrument shall not be consideredto be an agreement or contract nor shall it create any obligation whatsoeveron the part of Pey Dirt and Company, or either of them, unless and until ithas been personally signed by a representative of Pey Dirt and by arepresentative of Company and delivery has been made of a fully signedoriginal. Acceptance of the offer made herein is expressly limited to theterms of the offer. 28. Liability. In no event (including, but not limited to, Manningsor Pey Dirts default hereunder) shall Manning or Pey Dirt be liable toCompany (or any entity claiming through Company) for any amount in excess ofthe amounts of royalties actually received by Pey Dirt hereunder, excludingthe reimbursement of expenses. Under no circumstances will Manning or PeyDirt, on the one hand, or Company, on the other hand, be liable to the otheror any other entity for any special, consequential, indirect, exemplaryand/or punitive damages, or for loss of good will or business profits. -9- IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the par-ties hereto have caused this Agreement tobe executed as of the date first above written.FAMOUS FIXINS, INC. PEY DIRT, INC.By: /s/ Jason Bauer By: /s/ Peyton Manning --------------------- ------------------------ Jason Bauer Peyton Manning President President -10-