Exhibit 10.8 eGAIN COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION HOSTING AGREEMENT 1. Hosting Agreement. This Agreement (including its Exhibit A and allother documents referenced herein) is entered into by eGain CommunicationsCorporation ("eGain") and Eliance Corporation ("Customer") for the purpose ofproviding Customer with Web-based access to eGains software specified inExhibit A, including any updates, upgrades or revisions provided under thisAgreement ("Software"), and certain other services relating to the processing ofand response to online inquiries and messages ("Online Messages") received byCustomer from its customers and other users of Customers Web site ("Users"). 2. Provision of Services. eGain will provide Customer with access,maintenance and related hosting services ("Hosting Services") to the Softwareinstalled on eGains servers and other equipment (the "eGain System"). Customeragrees, as reasonably requested by eGain, to provide eGain with access toCustomers premises and equipment and to otherwise cooperate with eGain inperforming the services. During the term of this Agreement, Customer may obtaininformation ("Reports") regarding Customers use of the Software and thequantity and handling of Online Messages routed to the eGain System by accessingthe eGain System through a password-protected Web site made available by eGain.Customer shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of suchpasswords and shall permit only authorized employees of Customer to access theeGain System. The Hosting Services, and the hosting fees specified in Exhibit A,do not include any deployment, training or other consulting or professionalservices which, if applicable, will be specified in a Statement of Work, signedby both parties, and incorporated herein by this reference. 2.1 Customer Support. eGain will provide live telephone support toCustomer 24-hours-a-day, seven-days-a-week by a trained eGain customer supportrepresentative. 3. Customers Responsibilities. Customer agrees that it shall beresponsible for providing and maintaining its own Internet access and allnecessary telecommunications equipment, software and other materials ("CustomerEquipment") at Customers location necessary for accessing the Software and theeGain System through the Internet. Customer agrees to notify eGain of anychanges in the Customer Equipment, including any system configuration changes orany hardware or software upgrades, which may affect the Hosting Servicesprovided hereunder. The eGain System is only to be used for lawful purposes.Customer agrees not to transmit, re-transmit or store materials on or throughthe eGain System or the Software that are harmful to the eGain System orSoftware, or in violation of any applicable laws or regulations, includingwithout limitation laws relating to infringement of intellectual property andproprietary rights of others. To the extent that certain components of theSoftware may be downloaded to Customers or Users computer as a result ofaccessing the Software as part of the Hosting Services, eGain grants Customers anon-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license, with right to sublicensesolely to Users, to use such Software only in connection with the HostingServices. Neither Customer nor Users are otherwise permitted to use theSoftware, nor will Customer or Users disassemble, decompile or otherwise attemptto discern the source code of such Software. Customer agrees that, except asexpressly set forth in this Section and in Section 11, it will not rent, lease,sublicense, re-sell, time-share or otherwise assign to any third party thisAgreement or any of Customers rights or licenses to access the Software or theeGain System, nor shall Customer use, or authorize others to use, the Software,Hosting Services or the eGain System to operate a service bureau.Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, Customer shall be permitted to provideaccess to the eGain System to its employees and agents located worldwide. 4. Proprietary Rights. Except for the limited access right granted toCustomer in this Agreement, all right, title and interest in and to the Software(including any and all modifications as a result of any implementation servicesrendered) and the eGain System are and shall remain the exclusive property ofeGain and its licensors. eGain acknowledges and agrees that the Online Messagesare the property of Customer and that eGain has only a limited right to use theOnline Messages as set forth in the following sentence. Notwithstanding theforegoing, eGain may access and disclose the Online Messages solely as necessaryto provide the Hosting Services, to operate and maintain its systems, to complywith applicable laws and government orders and requests, and to protect itselfand its customers. 5. Pricing and Payment. Customer agrees to pay the fees and other chargesfor the Hosting Services and other services provided under this Agreement asspecified in Exhibit A of this Agreement. CUSTOMER AGREES TO PAY FOR HOSTINGSERVICES ON OR BEFORE THE FIRST DAY OF THE MONTH IN WHICH THE HOSTING SERVICESARE PROVIDED, except that, with respect to Additional Fees (as defined inExhibit A), eGain will invoice Customer for such Fees in the month after themonth in which such fees accrue as provided in Exhibit A. All amounts payablehereunder are exclusive of any and all taxes, and Customer is responsible forpayment of such taxes (excluding taxes based on eGains net income). All pricesare stated, and Customer shall pay, in United States dollars. Payment receivedby eGain after the due date shall be subject to a late fee equal to one andone-half percent (1.5%) per month, or, if less, the maximum amount allowed byapplicable law. At the end of the initial one-year term of this Agreement andany subsequent one-year terms, eGain may adjust the monthly fee payable underthis Agreement by providing Customer written notice of such adjustment at leastsixty (60) days prior to the beginning of the new term. 6. Limited Warranties; Disclaimer of Warranties. 6.1 eGain warrants and represents to Customer that (i) the Software willperform substantially in accordance with the documentation, if any, provided byeGain to Customer, and (ii) the Hosting Services will be performed in aprofessional and workmanlike manner and in accordance with Section 2. In theevent of Downtime (as defined in this Section 6.1 below), as Customers sole andexclusive remedy and eGains sole and exclusive liability, the monthly feepayable for the Hosting Services shall be reduced as follows: a) For the first sixty (60) minutes of Downtime during Normal Business Hours or the first four (4) hours of Downtime outside of Normal Business Hours ("Initial Downtime"), eGain will credit Customers account for one (1) day of service. b) For each eight (8) hour period of Downtime per day in addition to the Initial Downtime, eGain will credit Customers account for one (1) additional day of service.For the purposes of this Agreement, "Downtime" shall mean any interruption inthe availability of Hosting Services to Customer (excluding scheduledinterruptions of which Customer is notified 48 hours in advanced), only if suchinterruption is due either to: 1) an error in the Software, or 2) failure of theeGain System (but not including problems associated with Internet connectivity).Downtime begins upon Customer notification to eGain of the interruption, either eGAIN COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION HOSTING AGREEMENTby speaking directly with an eGain customer service representative or recordinga voice mail message in the eGain customer service voice mail box, and continuesuntil the availability of the Hosting Services is restored to the Customer. Forpurposes of this Agreement, "Normal Business Hours" shall mean between the hoursof 6:00 a.m to 6:00 p.m. Pacific time, Monday through Friday excluding nationalholidays.In the event of a breach (other than Downtime) of the warranty set forth inSection 6.1(i) above, Customers sole and exclusive remedy, and eGains sole andexclusive liability shall be, at eGains option, repair or replacement of theSoftware.THE FOREGOING CONSTITUTES CUSTOMERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, AND eGAINSENTIRE LIABILITY, FOR DOWNTIME AND FOR BREACH OF THE HOSTING SERVICES WARRANTYPROVIDED IN THIS SECTION 6.1. 6.2 eGain represents and warrants that, prior to, during and after thecalendar year 2000 A.D., the Software and the eGain System will process,calculate, manipulate, sort, store and transfer date data without material erroror material performance degradation, including without limitation date datawhich represents or references different centuries or more than one century(such representation and warranty being referred to as "Year 2000 Compliant").In the event that the Software or eGain System is not Year 2000 Compliant,Customers sole and exclusive remedy and eGains sole and exclusive liabilityshall be for eGain, at no additional cost to Customer, to promptly modify theSoftware or the eGain System so that the Software or eGain System is Year 2000Compliant. The foregoing warranty is conditioned upon the Customer using theSoftware and/or the eGain System in accordance with its applicableDocumentation, and on other software, hardware, network and systems (other thanthe Software and the eGain System) with which the Software and/or the eGainSystem interface or interoperate also being Year 2000 Compliant. 6.3 EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 6.1-6.2, (A) THE HOSTING SERVICES AREPROVIDED, AND THE SOFTWARE AND THE eGAIN SYSTEM ARE MADE AVAILABLE, BY eGAIN TOCUSTOMER "AS IS," AND (B) eGAIN AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE HOSTING SERVICES, THE SOFTWARE OR THEeGAIN SYSTEM, AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND AGAINST INFRINGEMENT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENTPOSSIBLE BY LAW. 6.4 Without limiting the express warranties set forth in this Agreement,eGain does not warrant that the Software, the eGain System or the HostingServices will meet Customers requirements (except as provided in Section 6.1)or that Customers access to and use of the Software, the eGain System or theHosting Services will be uninterrupted or free of errors or omissions. eGaincannot and does not guarantee the privacy, security, authenticity andnon-corruption of any information transmitted through, or stored in any systemconnected to, the Internet. eGain will use commercially reasonable efforts toadequately maintain, and upgrade as necessary, the eGain System to provide theHosting Services to its customers. However, except as expressly set forthherein, eGain shall not be responsible for any delays, errors, failures toperform, or disruptions in the Hosting Services caused by or resulting from anyact, omission or condition beyond eGains reasonable control. 7. Limitation of liability. EXCLUDING LIABILITY FOR INFRINGEMENT CLAIMS ASDISCUSSED IN SECTION 9 OF THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT SHALL eGAIN BE LIABLE TOCUSTOMER FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES(INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS), OR BE LIABLE TO ANY THIRD PARTYFOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, EVEN IF eGAIN HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OFSUCH DAMAGES. eGains entire liability under this Agreement for any damages fromany cause whatsoever, regardless of form or action, whether in contract,negligence or otherwise, shall in no event exceed an amount equal to the pricepaid for the Services out of which the claim arose. 8. Confidential Information. Each party agrees to keep confidential and touse only for purposes of performing (or as otherwise permitted under) thisAgreement, any proprietary or confidential information of the other partydisclosed pursuant to this Agreement which is marked as confidential or whichwould reasonably be considered of a confidential nature. The obligation ofconfidentiality shall not apply to information which is publicly availablethrough authorized disclosure, is known by the receiving party at the time ofdisclosure as evidenced in writing, is rightfully obtained from a third partywho has the right to disclose it, or which is required by law, government orderor request to be disclosed. Upon any termination of this Agreement, each partyshall return to the other party all confidential information of the other party,and all copies thereof, in the possession, custody or control of the partyunless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement. 9. Indemnification. Subject to the limitations set forth in this Section9, eGain will defend any third-party suit or action against Customer to theextent such suit or action is based on a claim that the Software or the eGainSystem infringes any valid United States patent, copyright, trade secret orother proprietary right, and eGain will pay those damages and costs finallyawarded against Customer in any monetary settlement of such suit or action whichare specifically attributable to such claim. These obligations do not includeany claims to the extent they are based on use of the Software or eGain Systemin violation of this Agreement or in combination with any other software orhardware, or any modification to the Software or eGain System pursuant toCustomers specifications. If any portion of the Software or eGain Systembecomes, or in eGains opinion is likely to become, the subject of a claim ofinfringement, then eGain may, at its option and expense, (a) procure forCustomer the right to continue using such Software or the eGain System, or (b)replace or modify the Software or the eGain System so that it becomesnon-infringing. The indemnity obligations set forth in this Section 9 arecontingent upon: (i) Customer giving prompt written notice to the eGain of anysuch claim(s); (ii) eGain having sole control of the defense or settlement ofthe claim; and (iii) at eGains request and expense, Customer cooperating in theinvestigation and defense of such claim(s). THE FOREGOING STATES eGAINS ENTIRELIABILITY FOR INFRINGEMENT CLAIMS. 10. Term and Termination. 10.1 Term and Termination. This Agreement shall continue in effect fromthe Effective Date for a one (1) year period, unless earlier terminated as setforth below, and thereafter shall renew automatically for successive one (1)year periods unless either party gives the other party at least thirty (30) daysprior written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement. In addition,either party may terminate this Agreement by giving to the other party writtennotice eGAIN COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION HOSTING AGREEMENTof such termination upon the other partys material breach of any material term(subject to the other partys right to cure within thirty (30) days afterreceipt of such notice), the other partys insolvency, or the institution of anybankruptcy or similar proceedings by or against the other party. 10.2 Effect of Termination. Upon any termination of this Agreement, eGainshall immediately cease providing all Hosting Services, and Customer shall nolonger have access to the Software or the eGain System. Except in the event oftermination for Customers breach, eGain shall provide Customer with anelectronic copy of the final Reports (covering the month just prior totermination of this Agreement). eGain shall be entitled to retain a copy(whether electronic or otherwise) of the Online Messages and the Reports for itsrecords and internal purposes and shall not disclose such Online Messages orReports to any third party except as permitted under Section 4. Within fifteen(15) days of any termination of this Agreement, Customer shall pay to eGain allunpaid fees accrued prior to termination. Sections 4, 5 (as to amounts accruedbut unpaid), 7, 8, 10.2 and 12 and Exhibit A (as to amounts accrued but unpaid)shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement. 11. Customer References. Customer agrees that, during the term of thisAgreement, eGain may reference Customer in eGains customer listings and mayplace Customers name and logo on eGains Web site and in collateral marketingmaterials relating to eGains products and services. Customer hereby grantseGain a right to use Customers trademarks (name and logo only) designated byCustomer for such limited uses, subject to Customers trademark/logo usageguidelines, if any, provided by Customer to eGain. With these limitedexceptions, eGain agrees that it may not use Customers name, logo or any othertrademarks (including in any press releases, customer "case studies," and thelike) without Customers prior consent. 12. Miscellaneous. This Agreement, including Exhibit A and any otherexhibits hereto, constitutes the entire agreement of the parties, and supersedesany prior or contemporaneous agreements between the parties, with respect to thesubject of this Agreement. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, thisAgreement may be modified only by a writing signed by an authorizedrepresentative of each party. This Agreement shall be governed by and construedin accordance with the laws of the State of California exclusive of its conflictof laws principles. Notices under this Agreement shall be in writing, addressedto the party at its last-provided address, and shall be deemed given whendelivered personally, or by e-mail (with confirmation of receipt) orconventional mail (registered or certified, postage prepaid with return receiptrequested). Nothing contained in this Agreement is intended or is to beconstrued to constitute eGain and Customer as partners or joint venturers oreither party as an agent of the other. If any provision of this Agreement shallbe declared invalid, illegal or unenforceable, all remaining provisions shallcontinue in full force and effect. All waivers of any rights or breach hereundermust be in writing to be effective, and no failure to enforce any right orprovision shall be deemed to be a waiver of the same or other right or provisionon that or any other occasion. Neither party may assign or otherwise transferits rights and/or obligations under this Agreement without the prior writtenconsent of the other party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no consent shall berequired for an assignment of this Agreement made pursuant to a merger,consolidation, or the acquisition of all or substantially all of the businessand assets of a party. This Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of theparties and their successors and permitted assigns. Each party agrees to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement. Customer: Eliance Corporation Name:/s/ Title: ___________________________ _________ Signature:______________________ Date:__________ eGain Communications Corporation: Name:/s/ Title: ___________________________ _________ Signature:______________________ Date:__________