EXHIBIT 4.11 SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT --------------------- SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT dated as of May 1, 2002 (this "Agreement"), by andbetween XYBERNAUT CORPORATION, a Virginia corporation ("XC"), and ALEX JOBRACING, INC., a Florida corporation ("AJR"). W I T N E S S T H - - - - - - - - - WHEREAS, XC is the market leader in wearable computers and relatedsolutions and engages in other activities related thereto; and WHEREAS, AJR is in the business of operating and maintaining "Le Mans"level racing car teams for the 2002 Le Mans American Racing Season (the"Season"); and WHEREAS, XC is desirous of sponsoring an automobile racing team comprisedof two (2) Porsche GT racing cars which will be raced and managed during theSeason by AJR (the "Team"), in order to enhance market awareness and visibilityof XC, and its business and products; and WHEREAS, AJR is desirous of providing the aforementioned sponsorship to XC. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the terms, covenants and conditionsherein contained, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt andlegal sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by the parties, XC and AJRagree as follows: A G R E E M E N T - - - - - - - - - 1. Sponsorship. (a) In consideration of the payments, through the issuance ofsecurities to AJR as provided for in Section 3 hereof, AJR agrees to designateXC as an associate sponsor and the "exclusive technology sponsor" for wearablecomputer technology" of the Team for the Season and grants to XC the rights andbenefits of such sponsorship as more fully set forth herein. (b) In order to publicly reflect this sponsorship and provide the XCwith the goodwill associated with the sponsorship, AJR shall provide and XCshall receive, throughout the Term (as hereinafter defined) of this Agreementthe following: (i) an XC logo shall be prominently displayed on the front hoods and rear quarters of the two (2) Le Mans level Porsche racing cars (the "Cars"), which will be raced by Team throughout the Season, (ii) a large XC logo will be prominently displayed on the transporter vehicles for the Cars, (iii) an XC logo shall be displayed on the dashboard of each Car in a prominent and conspicuous place so that the logo will be visible to any in-car camera which may be located in either of the Cars. XC acknowledges that the installation and operation of an in-car camera is not within the control of, or guaranteed by, AJR, and (iv) XC logo patches (which will be furnished by XC) shall be worn on a prominent place on the uniforms of all of the crew and Team members. The size and placement of the XC logos, as mutually agreed upon by XC andAJR, shall be the same size and placement as appearing in the first race of theSeason on the Cars, transport vehicles and crew uniforms. XC shall have approvalrights over use of its logo by AJR and shall designate which XC trademarkidentifications are utilized by AJR and how they are used in connection with thelogos. The costs and expenses of placing the XC logos on the Cars ascontemplated by subsections (ii), (ii) and (iii) of this Section 1(b) shall beborne exclusively by AJR. (c) In addition to the logo placements described in Section 1(b)hereof, as part of the sponsorship granted hereby, during the Term of thisAgreement, XC shall also receive and AJR shall provide, at AJRs cost andexpense (except as otherwise expressly provided), the following: (i) AJR shall make one of the Cars available for display at one (1) promotional event to be designated by XC. (ii) If requested by XC, XC shall have the right to host XCs employees and invitees at a hospitality tent at the various race venues during the Season, the details of each hospitality event to be agreed to by XC and AJR (such details to include, without limitation, the amount of costs to be paid by XC, the drinks and food service at the event, seating, the availability of VIP parking, etc.). (iii) If requested by XC, in its sole discretion, AJR shall make one of the drivers of the Cars available to attend promotional and media events hosted by XC; provided that XC shall pay for the reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by AJR in making the driver available for such events. (iv) AJR shall provide a link from its website to XCs website, such linking to be accomplished as soon as possible after the date of this Agreement. AJR shall not bbsp; make any reference to XC on its website (or modify any approved reference) without XCs prior written approval. (v) AJR shall use its best efforts to promote the name, image, brand and reputation of XC and the products and services of XC. In addition, AJR shall assist XC in evaluating various applications of wearable and wireless devices to automobile racing including -2- potential applications for the use of devices at the track, in the pits, in the stands and generally for crowd control. (vi) Subject to the prior approval of Porsche, XC shall have the right to use photographs of the Cars, the drivers and other Team members in connection with the preparation of promotional and marketing materials, without paying any royalty or other fee. If clearance or approvals are required to be obtained in connection with the use of such photographs, AJR shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain such clearances and approvals. The extent of the approvals to be sought from the drivers and other Team members shall include the right to use their name, likeness, approved biography and sobriquet in connection with such marketing and promotional materials. 2. Other Rights of XC. During the Term of this Agreement, XC shall have theright to identify itself with the Team and to identify itself as an official"technology sponsor for wearable computers" of the Team in any promotional,marking or other materials used by XC. 3. Consideration to AJR; Registration Rights. (a) In consideration of the rights granted to XC pursuant to Sections1 and 2 hereof and the provisions of this Agreement, XC shall issue to AJR (i)125,000 shares (the "Shares") of common stock, par value 0.01 of XC (the"Common Stock"); and (ii) warrants to purchase 50,000 shares of Common Stock(the "Warrants"). The Warrants shall have an exercise price of 1.18 per sharebeing the closing market price for the Common Stock on April 30, 2002 and shallbe exercisable for a period of three (3) years from their date of issue. (b) In addition to the Shares and Warrants to be issued to AJRpursuant to Section 3(a) hereof, XC agrees to provide to AJR five (5) to eight(8) (as determined by XC in its discretion) MAV(R) wearable computers (the"Units") to be used by AJR to promote XCs products and services as contemplatedby Section 1(c)(v). AJR shall have no liability for any damage to or loss of thewearable computers issued to AJR under this Agreement, except to the extent suchdamage or loss results from the intentional abuse of the equipment by AJRpersonnel. (c) XC shall provide a link from its website to AJRs website. (d) XC hereby grants to AJR "piggyback" registration rights withrespect to the Shares and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants(collectively, the "Registrable Securities"). Pursuant to such "piggyback"registration rights, XC shall include all of the Registrable Securities in anyregistration statement filed by XC with respect to its Common Stock (other thanon a registration statement on Forms S-8 or S-4 (or any successors to suchforms) or relating to any employee stock option plan) with the Securities andExchange Commission. In the event a registration statement covering all of theRegistrable Securities has -3-not been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before July 1,2002, XC agrees to pay to AJR 10,000. XC shall pay to AJR an additional 10,000for each thirty-day period thereafter (e.g., ending, August 1, September 1,etc.) in which a registration statement has not been filed with the Securitiesand Exchange Commission for purposes of registering all Registrable Securities.All such payments due hereunder shall be payable on or before the 5th of themonth in which such payment becomes due. In the event XC voluntarily withdrawsany registration statement submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission,XC shall be deemed to have never submitted such registration statement forpurposes of this paragraph. Unless otherwise agreed by XC and AJR, none of theRegistrable Securities shall be sold as part of an underwritten public offeringin connection with the registration statement filed pursuant to this paragraph,but, instead, shall be delivered to AJR as unrestricted, freely trading Shares. (e) All costs and expenses associated with the registration of theRegistrable Securities shall be born by XC.AJR shall provide XC with suchinformation regarding AJR as XC shall request for inclusion in the registrationstatement and shall indemnify the Company and hold it harmless with respect toany material misstatement or material omission with respect to such information (f) All Registrable Securities that are registered pursuant to Section3(d) hereof shall be subject to the "lock-up" provided for in this Section 3(f)(the "Lock-Up"), and AJR agrees to be bound by the Lock-Up. Pursuant to theLock-Up, AJR agrees that following the registration of Registrable Securities,it shall not directly or indirectly, sell, transfer, pledge, assign, gift,hypothecate or otherwise dispose of more than 25,000 shares of Common Stockduring any five (5) consecutive trading days on the principal securitiesexchange or securities market where XCs Common Stock is then traded. 4. Accredited Investor Representations. In order to induce XC to issue theShares and the Warrants to AJR, AJR hereby represents and warrants to XC asfollows: (a) AJR is aware of what constitutes an "accredited investor" as thatterm is defined under Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933,as amended (the "Securities Act"), and under applicable state securities laws,and AJR represents and warrants that is an "accredited investor" for purposes ofRegulation D and such state securities laws. (b) AJR acknowledges that an investment in the Shares and the Warrantsis a speculative investment and involves a high degree of risk, and that XCmakes no assurances whatsoever concerning the present or prospective value ofthe Shares or the Warrants. AJR is able to bear the economic risks of aninvestment in the Shares and the Warrants, and, consequently, without limitingthe generality of the foregoing, is able to hold the Shares and the Warrants foran indefinite period of time and has a sufficient net worth to sustain a loss ofits entire investment in the Shares and the Warrants in the event such a lossshould occur. (c) AJR has had an opportunity to review copies of XCs public filingswith the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC")(collectively, the "Public Documents"). AJR has had the opportunity to obtainany additional information necessary to verify the accuracy of the informationcontained in the Public Documents and has been given the opportunity to meetwith representatives of XC and to have them answer any questions and -4-provide any additional information considered relevant by AJR. In making itsdecision to invest in Shares and the Warrants, AJR has relied solely on thePublic Documents. (d) AJR is acquiring the Shares and the Warrants for AJRs own accountfor investment and not with a view to or for resale in connection with anydistribution of the Shares or the Warrants. AJR has not offered or sold anyportion of the Shares or the Warrants and has no present intention of dividingthe Shares or the Warrants with others or of selling, distributing or otherwisedisposing of any portion of the Shares or the Warrants either currently or afterthe passage of a fixed or determinable period of time or upon the occurrence ornon-occurrence of any predetermined event or circumstance. AJR is acquiring theShares and the Warrants for AJRs own account for investment and not with a viewto or for resale in connection with any distribution of the Shares or theWarrants. AJR has not offered or sold any portion of the Shares or the Warrantsand has no present intention of dividing the Shares or the Warrants with othersor of selling, distributing or otherwise disposing of any portion of the Sharesor the Warrants either currently or after the passage of a fixed or determinableperiod of time or upon the occurrence or non-occurrence of any predeterminedevent or circumstance. Nothing in this Section 4(d) shall limit the ability ofthe AJR to sell or transfer any of the Shares following the effectiveness of aregistration statement concerning the Shares in accordance with Section 3(d)hereof. (e) AJR understands that the issuance of the Shares and the Warrantshas not been registered under the Securities Act and that the Shares and theWarrants have been issued in reliance upon an exemption therefrom for non-publiclimited offerings. AJR acknowledges that the Shares and the Warrants constitute"restricted securities" under the Securities Act and they may not be sold,transferred, assigned, pledged or otherwise disposed of, except pursuant to aregistration statement that is declared effective under the Securities Act, oran exemption from registration under the Securities Act as determined by XCslegal counsel. AJR further acknowledges and agrees that XC will place anappropriate restrictive legend on the certificates for the Shares and theWarrants, as applicable, to comply with the Securities Act and to identify theShares and the Warrants as "restricted securities". (f) AJR further acknowledges that no United States federal (including,without limitation, the SEC), or state agency or similar agency of any othercountry, has reviewed, approved, passed upon or made any recommendation orendorsement regarding XC or the Shares or the Warrants. (g) AJR acknowledges that XC is relying on the accuracy of AJRsrepresentations and warranties set forth in Section 4 in issuing the Shares andthe Warrants to AJR. (h) AJR acknowledges that the certificate for the RegistrableSecurities shall contain such legends as XC shall consider necessary to ensurecompliance with the restrictions of the Securities Act and with the Lock-Up. 5. Term. Subject to earlier termination as provided for herein, the term ofthis Agreement shall commence as of the date hereof and shall terminate at theend of the Season which is scheduled to end on October 12, 2002 (the "Term"). -5- 6. Licensed Materials. (a) XC does hereby grant AJR a limited and non-transferable licenseand non-exclusive right to use XCs logo and trademarks and service marks setforth on Schedule A attached hereto (the "Licensed Materials") during the Termof this Agreement. AJR shall only be permitted to use the Licensed Materials inconnection with the Sponsorship and only in the limited manner expresslypermitted as set forth on Schedule A attached hereto. No other use of any of theLicensed Materials by AJR shall be permitted. AJR shall not have the right tomodify, alter or change any of the Licensed Materials. All Licensed Materialsshall remain the sole and exclusive property of XC and AJR shall not obtain anyright, title or interest therein. AJR shall not have any right to sub-licenseany of the Licensed Materials to any third party. (b) Upon the termination of this Agreement, AJR shall immediatelycease using any of the Licensed Materials and shall comply with the writtendirections of XC in connection therewith. (c) XC represents and warrants to AJR that XC has the right to grantto AJR the right to use the Licensed Materials as contemplated by thisAgreement. (d) AJR shall not use any of the Licensed Materials to express orimply any endorsement of any other sponsor of the Team by XC. AJR shall not useany of the Licensed Materials in connection with, or in any way associated with,the names, marks, trademarks, servicemarks, symbols, products, services, logosor proprietary designations or properties of any third party. (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, AJR and/orPorsche shall be permitted to use photographs of the Cars, transport vehiclesand crew uniforms containing XC logos and Licensed Materials for any promotionalor marketing purposes during and forever after the term of this Agreement. 7. Reputation. AJR shall not take any action or suffer any action to occur,whether taken by the Team or others, which could result in an adverse impact onXC, its Licensed Materials and the goodwill associated therewith as a result ofthis Agreement. Neither party shall have the right to use the corporate name ofthe other. 8. Representations and Warranties. (a) In order to induce the other party hereto to enter into thisAgreement, each of XC and AJR hereby represents and warrants to the other partyas follows: (i) it is duly organized, validly existing and in good standingunder the laws of the jurisdiction of the state of its incorporation, with fullpower to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated bythis Agreement and to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement in accordancewith its terms; (ii) this Agreement constitutes its legal, valid and bindingobligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms; and (iii) itsexecution, delivery and performance of this Agreement does not and will notconflict with, violate or breach any of its constituent documents (including,without limitation, its articles of incorporation and by-laws) or -6-any material contract or agreement or any decree, order or judgment or any lawor regulation to which it is a party or subject or by which it or any of itsproperties or assets is bound. (b) AJR hereby further represents and warrants to XC as follows: (i) that AJR entering into this Agreement does not violate any rule or regulation of the entity and/or organization that oversees the Season; and (ii) AJR shall not make any representation or warranty that the Cars are owned by or the property of XC. 9. Confidentiality Covenant. (a) As a consequence of this Agreement and the relationshipestablished hereby, each party may obtain from the other party certainconfidential and proprietary and/or non-public information with respect to theother party, including, without limitation, pricing terms, business plans andprospects, sales and marketing techniques, design concepts, informationregarding the development, composition and manufacture of products, ideas,drawings, product specifications, trade and industrial secrets, intellectualproperty rights, financial information, the names and the nature of, businessdealings with, suppliers, customers and others, and the other partys structure,organization, commercial and business affairs and financial condition and theother partys trade secrets (collectively "Confidential Information"). Each ofXC and AJR acknowledges that the Confidential Information it obtains from theother party hereto constitutes the trade secrets of the disclosing party. AJRand XC each agrees that it shall keep the Confidential Information it receivesfrom the other party hereto strictly confidential and shall not disclose any ofthe Confidential Information to any other person or entity, or take or use anyof the Confidential Information for its own purposes, except as may be requiredin connection with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement orthe enforcement of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a party maydisclose the Confidential Information of the other party hereto: (i) if suchConfidential Information becomes generally known or available to the public,other than due to a breach of this Agreement by the party receiving theConfidential Information hereunder; (ii) in connection with the enforcement ofthis Agreement; (iii) pursuant to applicable law, regulation or subpoena; or(iv) if such Confidential Information was disclosed to either AJR or XC, as thecase may be, by a source that was not bound, to the knowledge of the partyreceiving the Confidential Information, to a confidentiality obligation for thebenefit of, or fiduciary relationship in favor of, the other party hereto. Infurtherance of the confidentiality obligations set forth herein, AJR and XC willadopt and implement appropriate procedures intended to prevent the unauthorizeddisclosure of Confidential Information that it receives from the other party.The obligations of the parties pursuant to this Section 9 shall survive theexpiration or termination of this Agreement. (b) In the event that XC and AJR, as applicable, is requested orrequired (by deposition, interrogatory, request for documents, subpoena, civilinvestigative demand or similar legal, judicial or regulatory process or asotherwise required by applicable law or regulation) to disclose any of theConfidential Information of the other party hereto, such person shall (i)provide the other party hereto with prompt prior written notice of such requestor requirement, -7-and (ii) cooperate with the other party so that the other party may seek aprotective order or other appropriate remedy or, if appropriate, waivecompliance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement. In the event thatsuch protective order or other remedy is not obtained, or the other party waivescompliance with the terms and provisions hereof, each of XC and AJR, as the casemay be, may disclose only that portion of the Confidential Information that suchperson is advised by legal counsel in writing is legally required to bedisclosed. (c) Each of XC and AJR agree that money damages would not be asufficient remedy for any breach of the provisions of this Section 9 and thateither XC and AJR, as the case may be, shall be entitled to equitable relief,including, without limitation, injunctive relief and specific performance(without being required to obtain a bond or post other security or prove actualdamages), in the event of any breach or threatened breach of any of theprovisions of this Section 9 by the other party, in addition to all other rightsand remedies available to XC and AJR, as the case may be, whether at law, inequity or otherwise relating to such breach. 10. Termination by XC. (a) XC may terminate this Agreement upon written notice to AJR uponthe occurrence of any of the following events (each an "AJR Event of Default"): (i) AJR breaches any material term, provision or covenant of this Agreement on the part of AJR to be observed or performed and such breach is not cured within ten (10) days after written notice of the breach is given by XC; or (ii) Any representation or warranty made by AJR in this Agreement shall be materially false or misleading as of the date made; or (iii) AJR makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or has a custodian, receiver or similar official appointed over it or all or substantially all of its properties or assets; or (iv) AJR shall commence any case, proceeding or other action seeking to have an order for relief entered on its behalf as a debtor or to adjudicate AJR as bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking the reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, liquidation, dissolution or composition of AJR or its debts under any applicable law, domestic or foreign, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, dissolution or relief of debtors or seeking the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for AJR or for all or a substantial part of its properties or assets; or an involuntary case, proceeding or other action is commenced against AJR by any other party with respect to any of the foregoing, and in the case of any such involuntary case, proceeding or other action, such case, proceeding or other action is not stayed or dismissed within sixty (60) days of the commencement thereof; or -8- (v) XC reasonably determines that AJR is using any of the Licensed Materials in a manner that is not permitted by, or inconsistent with, the limited rights granted to AJR hereunder. (vi) XC reasonably determines that its continued involvement with AJR or the Term will result in an adverse impact to XCs reputation. (b) Early Termination by AJR. AJR shall have the right to terminatethis Agreement upon written notice to XC upon the occurrence of any of thefollowing events (each an "AJR Event of Default"): (i) XC breaches any material term, provision or covenant of this Agreement on the part of XC to be observed or performed and such breach is not cured within ten (10) days after written notice of the breach is given by AJR; or (ii) Any representation or warranty made by XC in this Agreement shall be materially false or misleading as of the date made; or (iii) XC makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or has a custodian, receiver or similar official appointed over it or all or substantially all of its properties or assets; or (iv) XC shall commence any case, proceeding or other action seeking to have an order for relief entered on its behalf as a debtor or to adjudicate XC as bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking the reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, liquidation, dissolution or composition of XC or its debts under any applicable law, domestic or foreign, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, dissolution or relief of debtors or seeking the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for XC or for all or a substantial part of its properties or assets; or an involuntary case, proceeding or other action is commenced against XC by any other party with respect to any of the foregoing, and in the case of any such involuntary case, proceeding or other action, such case, proceeding or other action is not stayed or dismissed within sixty (60) days of the commencement thereof. (c) Rights Upon An Event of Default. In addition to the rights oftermination set forth in Sections 11 (a) and (b), respectively, upon theoccurrence of an AJR Event of Default or a XC Event of Default, as the case maybe, the other party shall be entitled to all of its rights and remedies underthis Agreement, applicable law, in equity or otherwise with respect to theactions or inactions that gave rise to the AJR Event of Default or the XC Eventof Default, as the case may be. In addition, upon the occurrence of an AJR Eventof Default any of the Warrants which have not been exercised shall automaticallyterminate and be void and all of the Shares and any shares of Common Stockissued in the exercise of the Warrants shall be purchasable by -9-XC at the purchase price of 1.00. Upon XC tendering the purchase price, AJRshall promptly deliver to XC the certificates for the Shares and any shares ofCommon Stock issued upon the exercise of the Warrants, together with dulyexecuted blank stock powers. 11. Indemnification. (a) AJR shall indemnify each XC Indemnified Party and hold each XCIndemnified Party harmless from and against any and all Losses incurred by anyXC Indemnified Party, directly or indirectly, as a result of or based upon anyof the following: (i) any breach by AJR of any of its agreements, covenants or obligations hereunder; or (ii) the use of any of the Licensed Materials in a manner that is not permitted hereby. (b) XC shall indemnify AJR and its directors, officers, employees,agents and attorneys and their respective successors and assigns (each an "AJRIndemnified Party") and to hold each AJR Indemnified Party harmless from andagainst any and all Losses incurred by any AJR Indemnified Party, directly orindirectly, as a result of or based upon, any of the following: (i) any breach by XC of any of its agreements, covenants or obligations hereunder; or (ii) a claim by any third party that the permitted uses of any of the Licensed Materials hereunder violates or infringes any of the trademarks, tradenames, servicemarks, servicenames or other intellectual property rights of such third party. (c) Either party seeking indemnification under this Agreement (the"Indemnified Party") shall give notice to the party required to provideindemnification hereunder (the "Indemnifying Party") promptly after theIndemnified Party has actual knowledge of any claim as to which indemnity may besought hereunder, and the Indemnified Party shall permit the Indemnifying Party(at the sole cost and expense of the indemnifying Party) to assume the defenseof any claim or litigation resulting therefrom; provided, that: (i) counsel forthe Indemnifying Party who shall conduct the defense of such claim or litigationshall be reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party; (ii) the IndemnifiedParty may participate in such defense, but only at the Indemnified Partys owncost and expense; and (iii) the omission by the Indemnified Party to give noticeas provided herein shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of itsindemnification obligations hereunder, except to the extent that such omissionresults in a material impairment of the deficiencies to the Claims asserted. (d) The Indemnifying Party shall not, except with the prior writtenconsent of the Indemnified Party, consent to entry of any judgment oradministrative order or enter into any settlement that (i) could affect theintellectual property rights or other business interests of the IndemnifiedParty or (ii) does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving bythe claimant or plaintiff to the Indemnified Party of a release from allliability with respect to such claim or litigation. (e) In the event that either (i) the Indemnifying Party does notassume the defense of the claim subject to indemnification within ten (10)business days after receiving written notice of the claim from the IndemnifiedParty pursuant to Section 12(c) hereof or (ii) the Indemnified Party shallreasonably and in good faith determine that the conduct of the defense of anyclaim subject to indemnification hereunder or any proposed settlement of anysuch claim by the Indemnifying Party might be expected to affect adversely theIndemnified Partys intellectual property rights or ability to conduct futurebusiness, the Indemnified Party shall have the right at all times to take overand assume control over the defense, settlement, negotiations or lawsuitrelating to any such claim at the sole cost and expense of the IndemnifyingParty. -10- (f) For purposes hereof, the term "XC Indemnified Party" shall mean XCand its directors, officers, employees, agents and attorneys and theirrespective successors and assigns. (g) For purpose hereof the term "Losses" shall mean out-of pocketcosts and expenses. (h) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, AJRs liabilityunder this Section 11 shall not exceed One Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars(150,000). In addition, AJRs obligations under Section 11(a) above shallsurvive for a period of one (1) year after the date of this Agreement.Thereafter, AJRs obligations under Section 11(a) shall terminate and be of nofurther force and effect, except to the extent of any claims made thereunder byXC prior to such date, which claims shall survive. The indemnificationobligations described in Section 11(a), including all limitations on suchobligations, shall be the exclusive remedy of the XC Indemnified Parties for anyLosses resulting from or based upon any breach by AJR of any of its agreements,covenants or obligations hereunder or the use of any of the Licensed Materialsin a manner that is not permitted hereby. 12. Independent Entities. This Agreement is being entered into by two (2)independent corporations and nothing herein shall create a partnership, jointventure, fiduciary or other relationship. Neither party has the right or shallrepresent to any other person or entity that it has the right to legally bindthe other party hereto. 13. Force Majeure. XC and AJR shall not be liable to the other for anydelay or failure to perform its obligations hereunder which is principally theresult of the occurrence of an Event of Force Majeure. In the event of any suchdelay or failure, XC or AJR, as applicable, shall immediately furnish writtennotice thereof and the reason therefor to the other party. The performance of XCor AJR, as applicable shall be deemed suspended so long as and to the extentthat any such Event Force Majeure continues. XC or AJR, as the case may be,shall use its best efforts to cure or correct any such Event of Force Majeureand resume performance of its duties and obligations hereunder, within theshortest period of time possible. For purposes of this Agreement, the term"Event of Force Majeure" shall mean any of the following: war, sabotage,insurrection, riot, the act of any government (de facto or de jure) or anyagency or subdivision thereof, acts of terrorism, accident, fire, explosion,flood, storm, hurricane or other acts of God or other similar acts beyond thereasonable control of XC or AJR, as the case may be, which prevents XC or AJR,as the case may be, from performing its obligations hereunder. -11- 14. Governing Law. This Agreement and all acts and transactions hereundershall in all respects be governed by and construed in accordance with the lawsof the Commonwealth of Virginia, without regard to any of its conflicts of lawsprinciples which would result in the application of the substantive laws ofanother jurisdiction. This Agreement shall not be construed or interpreted withany presumption against the party that caused this Agreement to be drafted. 15. Notices. Any and all notices, consents, instructions and othercommunications which are required or permitted to be given hereunder or made byone party hereto to the other party hereto shall be in writing and given asfollows: (a) by personal delivery; (b) by first-class international mail(postage prepaid); (c) by facsimile; or (d) by overnight delivery by arecognized international express courier company (all costs prepaid), at thefollowing respective addresses or facsimile numbers, set forth below: If to XC: Xybernaut Corporation 12701 Fair Lakes Circle, Suite 550 Fairfax, VA 22033 Fax: 703-631-6734 Attention: Mr. Edward G. Newman President with copies to: Xybernaut Corporation 12701 Fair Lakes Circle, Suite 550 Fairfax, VA 22033 Fax: 703-631-6734 Attention: H. Jan Roltsch-Anoll, Esq. General Counsel and Jenkens Gilchrist Parker Chapin LLP 405 Lexington Avenue New York, NY 10174 Fax: 212-704-6288 Attention: Martin Eric Weisberg, Esq. If to AJR: Alex Job Racing, Inc. 551 Southridge Industrial Drive Tavares, FL 32778 Fax: (703) 343-3890 Attention: Alex Jobor at such other address or facsimile number as either party hereto maydesignate by notice to the other party hereto in accordance with this Section15. All such notices, consents, demands, instructions and other communicationsshall be deemed given (a) on the date delivered, if -12-delivered, personally; (b) or on the date received if mailed, by first-classinternational mail (with all postage prepaid); (c) on the date of the facsimiletransmission, if received on a business day between the hours of 9:00 a. m. and6:00 p. m. in the time zone of the intended recipient or on the next businessday if received after that time, in each case with an automatic machineconfirmation indicating the time of receipt; or (d) on the second business dayafter deliverybbsp;to a recognized international overnight express courier company(with all costs prepaid). 16. Consent to Jurisdiction. The parties hereby unconditionally andirrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of theCommonwealth of Virginia located in Fairfax County and the Federal DistrictCourt for the Northern District of Virginia with respect to any action, suit orany proceeding to enforce this Agreement and unconditionally and irrevocablywaive the right to trial by jury in any such action, suit or other proceeding.Each of the parties hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right tochallenge the jurisdiction of such courts or to assert that such courtsconstitute an inconvenient forum or that venue in such courts is improper. Aparty that prevails in any action, suit or other proceeding to enforce thisAgreement shall be entitled to be reimbursed for its costs and expenses incurredin connection therewith (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneysfees and disbursements). 17. Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, duties andobligations of the parties hereunder may be assigned or delegated by XC or theAJR, as the case may be, without the prior written consent of the other partyhereto. Any such assignment or delegation made without the written consent ofthe other party hereto shall be ab inito null and void and of no force oreffect. This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon each ofthe parties hereto, and shall inure to the benefit of their respectivesuccessors (whether by merger, consolidation, recapitalization or other similartransaction) and permitted assigns, sublicensees or delegatees. 18. Severability. If any term, provision or condition of this Agreement, orthe application thereof to any person or circumstance, shall be held by a courtor other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal orunenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement, and the application of suchterm, provision or condition to persons or circumstances other than those as towhich it is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable shall be unaffected thereby,and each term, provision and condition of this Agreement shall be enforced tothe fullest extent permitted by applicable law. 19. Further Assurances. The parties agree to do such further acts andthings and to execute and deliver such additional documents and instruments asthe other party may reasonably request in order to consummate, evidence orconfirm the agreement of the parties contained herein in the manner contemplatedhereby. 20. Amendment: Waiver. This Agreement may not be modified, amended, changedor supplemented, nor may any obligations hereunder be waived or extensions oftime for performance be granted, except by a written instrument executed by eachof the parties hereto. No waiver of any breach of any agreement, covenant orprovision herein contained shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding orsucceeding breach thereof or of any other agreement, covenant or provisionherein contained. Any waiver granted in accordance with the terms of thisAgreement shall be limited to the specific instance and purpose for which it isgranted. -13- 21. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Schedule attachedhereto, sets forth the entire understanding and agreement between the partieshereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and it supersedes all priorand/or contemporaneous understandings and agreements (whether written or oral)with respect to such subject matter, all of which are merged herein. There areno covenants, promises, agreements, conditions, understandings, representationsor warranties with respect to the subject matter hereof, except those expresslyset forth herein. All indemnification obligations of the parties hereunder shallsurvive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 22. Counterparts, etc. This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or morecounterparts (including, without limitation, by means of a facsimile signature),each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which, when togetherconstitute one and the same instrument. Section headings in this Agreement havebeen inserted for convenience of reference only and they shall not affect theconstruction or interpretation of any term or provisions of this Agreement. Theuse of the singular shall be deemed to include the plural, and the use of themasculine shall be deemed to include the feminine and the neuter, and viceversa, wherever the context so requires. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the yearand day first above written. XYBERNAUT CORPORATION By: ------------------------------------------ Name: ---------------------------------- Title: --------------------------------- ALEX JOB RACING, INC. By: ------------------------------------------ Name: ---------------------------------- Title: --------------------------------- -14-SCHEDULE A Licensed Materials1. Xybernaut(R);2. Mobile Assistant(R);3. MA(R)V;4. XyberKids(TM); and5. The Xybernaut logo: [GRAPHIC OMITTED][GRAPHIC OMITTED]